Instead it's about brand positioning and improving the ambiance of existing stores.
Outdoor deck lighting is lighting that features complete recuperative ambiance.
Reclaimed furniture adds a unique charm to the ambiance of a home.
It is often overlooked, but when used properly, it can add a whole new dimension to the ambiance of a space.
Many of us prefer oil candle making to solid wax crafts because we can get glowing ambiance with far less time and effort.
The right lighting will present the right ambiance.
For Much-improved cabin ambience; smooth drivetrain.
With an ambience and interior as sharp as this, one expects food that's extraordinary.
The prevalence of Spanish and Portuguese on the menu sets the ambience for the coming summer nights.
What Melbourne needs is a restaurant with the service of Petit Choux, the ambience of Florentino, the intimacy of Paysan, the wine list of Gowings.
This is a great actor's play, and the intimate ambience (and new seats) at Red Stitch make it a hit.
With shiny granite floor tiles and carpeted lounges, Terminal 3 has the ambience of a.
You will have read about the bars around Melbourne that seem to be striving to re-create the ambience of a share-house living room.
While good food and good customer service are crucial for return business, the ambience of a restaurant is also important.
Restaurant design sets the stage for customer’s dining experience.
Loud music, Formica tables and plastic cups sets an entirely different mood than jazz, linen tablecloths and china.
Balancing Ambience With Seating Capacity

The design of a restaurant should be a balance between a welcoming ambience and maximum seating capacity.
In other words you want to pack in enough customers to keep busy and turn a profit, while at the same time making guests feel comfortable.
Some types of restaurants focus on seating capacity rather than interior design.
Diners, for example, have more seating capacity while fine dining restaurants tend to focus more on ambience.
Restaurant Design Problem Areas

In a perfect restaurant there would be so such thing as a bad table.
However, few restaurants can escape having at least one problem area in their dining room.
Common restaurant problem areas- places that customers don’t usually want to sit- include tables near the kitchen entrance, restrooms and front entrance.
Tables smack in the middle of the dining room are not always popular with dining patrons either.
To help disguise problem areas, you can try placing dividers, such as wooden partitions, tall plants or screens in between tables.
Consider relocating a wait station or bus station, if possible, to a problem area rather than a dining table.
One way to spot problem areas before opening day is to sit in every single chair in your dining room.
Study the view from each seat.
You may find that one has a direct view into the bus station, while another gets a draft from the front door.
Restaurant Music

Silence is definitely not golden in most restaurants.
Music will set the tone in a restaurant just as much as the style of the menu or the artwork on the walls.
Avoid CDs that are repetitious, for the sake of your staff, which has to listen to it over and over again.
Radio is an inexpensive option for casual dining establishments, but non-commercial channels, like MUSAK is preferable.
Live entertainment, which can be expensive, adds a definite sense of ambience.
A good musician or group can draw in crowds better than any dinner special.
Many restaurants feature live music on weekends or certain nights of the week.
Restaurant Heating and Ventilation

An important (and expensive) consideration for any restaurant, either new or existing, is heating and cooling.
Restaurant kitchens put out a lot of heat and smells and smoke.
Make sure that your commercial range has proper ventilation, with the right kind of hood and fans.
Proper air conditioning is also essential to any restaurant design.
Nothing will turn patrons away faster than a non-air conditioned dining room in the middle of a summer heat wave.
It may be tempting to skimp in this area, but in the end poor ventilation and air conditioning can cost you a lot more in lost sales.
Restaurant Restrooms

Design and ambience carry through to restaurant restrooms.
Restrooms should be checked at least once at the start of every shift (preferably more often if it is busy).
A hostess or bus person can be assigned the task of refilling paper products and taking out the trash.
At the heart of any restaurant is the dining room.
A dining room is more than just tables and chairs.
It sets the tone, the ambience for your restaurant.
Lighting, noise and the view are all things that should be considered when you plan your restaurant dining room design.
The furniture you choose is also important.
It should be sturdy enough to withstand the rigors of a busy restaurant, while at the same time look attractive and add to your ambience.
Flexibility is also important when planning a restaurant dining room.
Being able to move tables, chairs, even wait stations around, allows you to accommodate both large and small parties easily.
Leave Adequate Space Between Tables

Be careful of packing tables into your dining room.
When designing the floor plan of your restaurant on paper, you may think you can fit a certain numbers of tables into the dining room.
However, you may find that what works on paper doesn’t work in reality.
Yes, you want to have plenty of seats to accommodate customers (and make more money) but you also want people to be comfortable.
A good rule of thumb for placing restaurant tables is to leave a minimum of 24" in between corners of the tables.
Make the Wait Station Portable

By having a portable wait station, you can move it to fit your needs, instead of trying to relocate a table into a less desirable area of your dining room.
Try Using Room Dividers

If you have a big open dining room and want to make it more private, half-wall dividers, set on casters are an easy solution.
You can move them about to create small nooks for two tops, or larger alcoves for big parties.
Sit in Every Seat

One way to spot problem areas before opening day is to sit in every single chair in your dining room.
Study the view from each seat.
You may find that one has a direct view into the kitchen, while another gets a draft from the front door.
Experiencing each seat first allows you to make changes before customers complain.
Select Sturdy Furniture

When purchasing tables and chairs, look for easy to clean designs.
Avoid styles with lots of intricate carvings and crevices.
They will be harder to wipe down and keep free of crumbs and other debris.
If you are purchasing chairs or restaurant booths with fabric seats, be sure to have the fabric treated with a stain resister.
And plan to budget in at a professional cleaning at least once, preferably twice a year.
Read more about how to select the right restaurant seating.
Decide How Loud is Too Loud

How loud is your dining room?
Some restaurant concepts are better suited for a loud environment, like a bar or other casual setting.
Others, like fine dining, require a much quieter setting.
If you have wood or tile floors, the sound is going to echo more, ditto with high ceilings.
Throw a few dozen customers, staff in there and it might be a lot louder than you anticipated.
If you need to tone down the sound, area carpets can help dilute noise.
Select Appropriate Window Coverings

If summer sun is making your restaurant dining room too hot or is otherwise uncomfortable for customers you will need to invest in some shades.
Look for window treatments that are easy to clean and easy to open and close.
Save Space With Restaurant Booths

Restaurant booths offer some great advantages over standard restaurant seating.
They’re great space savers.
If you have found the perfect restaurant location- but the space is small- consider installing rows of booths to maximize seating capacity.
Just like restaurant chairs, booths come in a variety of shapes, sizes and color.
They can be customized to fit any restaurant design.
A new restaurant is an exciting business venture.
However, designing a new restaurant can be overwhelming for a first-timer.
How do you create an inviting atmosphere, while ensuring you have enough seating?
How do you create a well-organized kitchen out of a blank space?
Add in issues with fire codes, ventilation, and other building codes, and it’s hard to know where to start.
To make it easier, I've broken down the basics of restaurant design- no matter the concept or theme- into specific areas to help you get started.
Dining Room
The center of any restaurant is its dining room.
It's where the customers gather and it should be welcoming and comfortable.
Check with the local fire code marshal or other authority about the seating capacity of your dining room.
Once you know how many people you can safely serve at one time, you can plan where to place tables and chairs, as well as a wait station.
Before your opening day, take a moment and sit in every seat in the dining room, to assess the view and decide if the table needs to be repositioned.
Read more about how to plan a restaurant a dining room.
Restaurant Kitchen
The heart of a restaurant is its kitchen.
Even though most commercial kitchens are not in view of the public, the layout is just as important as the dining room.
The size of the kitchen and the type of food you are serving will dictate what type of commercial equipment you'll need to purchase and the layout of the kitchen.
Read more about planning a restaurant kitchen.
Restaurant Bar
If you plan to have a full service bar in your restaurant- one that customers can sit at for drinks and a meal- it should be just as welcoming as your dining room.
It should also be functional for the restaurant, since it is where servers ordering and pick up drinks for their tables.
Read more about setting up a restaurant bar.
Restrooms
These are often overlooked in the overall restaurant design plan.
Don't make your restaurant an afterthought.
Usually restaurants occupy a small space, so it’s easy to dress them up and give them some character, without spending a lot of money.
A coat or two of funky paint and some inexpensive artwork can go a long way.
The most important part of a restaurant's restrooms is cleanliness.
Cleaning the restrooms periodically throughout the day will present a good image of your restaurant to patrons.
Outdoor Design
If you are fortunate enough to have an outdoor dining space, such as a deck or patio, your restaurant theme should extend there as well.
Sturdy outdoor tables and chairs are a must.
Planters and small fairy lights can add additional ambiance.
If the view from your outdoor dining area isn't all that great, like a parking lot for example, consider building a lattice wall with some climbing plants or other divider.
And don't forget about shade.
Umbrellas or awnings are vital during the hot summer months for customer comfort.
Read more about outdoor dining spaces.
Waiting Area If you have the space for a waiting area, be sure to have benches or chairs for customers.
Also keep some menus nearby, so they can peruse them as they wait.
This is also a good place to display a bulletin board of other events at your restaurant (wine tastings, weekly specials, happy hour, etc...).
No matter what your theme or concept, a new restaurant should have well thought out design for the dining room and kitchen.
Every part of your restaurant design works together, to create a unique experience that will keep customers coming back!
When you evaluate a restaurant’s ambiance, consider your first impressions.
What message is the restaurant trying to convey?
Is it a dive?
A homey, country-style kitchen?
An upscale, chic restaurant?
When you are finished with your meal, you can decide whether the restaurant has succeeded in its intentions.
There's a German word gemütlich which translates as cozy, comfortable, pleasant.
I want to feel that – a sense of contentment, a true emotional fit.
Presentation is everything.
From the moment you pass through the door until you’re seated at your table.
There’s the welcome you’re offered by the staff, the decor and what that mood conveys, and then even before you get to the food - there’s the question of the menu.
Whether it’s chalkboard or woven raffia, the menu should reflect the focus and the ambience of the restaurant by the design, the description of the food and of course the pricing.
Are you seated at a “good” table verses one behind a column by the swinging kitchen door?
I love a good dive, extra bright lighting and all, but in general, lighting can make all the difference in your design comfort.
The longtime complaint of needing a lit match to read your menu is valid, and so is looking good as you sit across from your companions.
I have close friends who wouldn’t go to a place with fluorescent lighting – for some people it really affects the way the food tastes.
Ideally a restaurant strikes a balance with soft lighting that is soothing but bright enough to see what you are eating.
Comfortable seating matters more to some people than others.
There’s a Korean barbecue place I love with fantastic food but tiny uncomfortable stools.
It’s important to let your readers know this ahead of time.
Many people have bad backs, and the quality of the food will go unnoticed if they are uncomfortable throughout the meal.
Consider the noise levels of the restaurant.
Louder restaurants have more energy, but if you are recommending a place for a date, readers will want to be able to carry on a conversation.
Make a note in your review if there is a background soundtrack, and whether it is distracting or not or is it indistinct chatter and clinking cutlery that surrounds you?
Ideally you’ll be able to hear the little murmurs of joy as your table dines.
Dining out comes with the edict of a langorous mood, time to enjoy the table.
Rushed service is a definite turn off, no one wants to be cattle prodded out the door.
Everyone has a discomfort threshold and you can personalize your review by including your own.
I loathe dining across from a mirror – I really don't want to watch myself eat.
Does it feel like someone has created a home that you’ve been invited into?
Is the restaurant seeking customers or repeat clients?
Is there a personality that has been consciously conceived?
All of these elements indicate a level of care and that care translates to my perception of the experience.
- Dimmer switches : perfect for adjusting brightness for daytime and nighttime guests.
- Colored light bulbs: add colored light bulbs to match and accent your design scheme.
- Fixtures: look for fixtures that fit your restaurant’s theme and personality.
For example, some chandeliers can offer an air of class to a space, while some lanterns may add whimsical flair.
From ornate to basic, there are light fixtures to fit every restaurant.
- Light up the menu: Always make sure your menu can be read any time of day, either by shining some LED lights on it or utilizing menu light boxes/LED backlit menus.
- Candles: candlelit dinners are by no means outdated!
Candles can bring out a classic romantic setting.No one can deny that truly delicious food is the cornerstone of a great restaurant; but you’ll often recognize the crucial role that ambience plays.
Ambience can also be referred to as the “mood” or “atmosphere” that a place emits and if you operate a restaurant, you definitely will want to have yours up to par.
Think of the dining experience as a simple math equation: dining experience = food + ambience.
Good restaurant ambience is dependent on many factors although we will focus on just one in this article: lighting.
You wouldn’t watch a movie at the theater with bright lights overhead, nor would you enjoy bright lighting while eating dinner with your date.
The moral of the story?
Lighting is a major player is setting the appropriate mood for the type of restaurant and the time of day.
There are numerous types of lights and fixtures you can implement in your restaurant.
Check out our tips below to learn how to use lights to improve your restaurant’s ambience.
Why do customers feel they need to talk in hushed tones in my restaurant?
We play light classical background music and staff are instructed to talk in an everyday voice, but people feel they should adopt a church-like whisper both in conversation and when ordering.
How can I make the ambience more convivial?
Peter Hepworth, Hepworth Acoustics

The way in which people speak in public places is often a reflection of how comfortable they feel and how at ease they are with their surroundings.
If customers are speaking in hushed tones, it's an indication that they don't feel fully at ease.
It may be that the music level in your restaurant is too low.
Some people will lower their voice if they don't feel comfortable with the level of acoustic privacy in a room.
If the level is too low, they may feel inhibited at the thought of other customers being able to listen in on their conversations, and therefore speak in hushed tones.
Playing the music a little louder will provide them with a greater sense of acoustic privacy and should encourage them to talk normally.
The knack is to find the level of music that provides acoustic privacy without forcing clients to raise their voices too much.
Try gradually raising the level of music and note the response.
If customers start talking at a normal volume, then you've found the appropriate level.
It's also possible that the style of music might also be influencing their behaviour.
The light classical music may be creating too much of a "concert hall" atmosphere.
This might encourage customers to be quiet and therefore reluctant to talk.
A different style of music such as "dinner jazz" might create a more relaxed and convivial ambience.
It would be worthwhile trying out some different styles, listening to the response and getting feedback from customers on whether they prefer the new music style.
www.hepworth-acoustics.co.uk

Chris Morton, Chris Morton Associates

There are three possible answers, and the solution may be a mix of them all.
It could lie in the design and decor, the welcome received by guests, the type of customer you attract or a combination of all three.
Why and when are people quiet?
It's often when they feel reverential, nervous and uncertain, intimidated, overheard, out of place or simply because they have nothing to say.
• Design and decor.
How comfortable do diners feel?
Are the atmosphere and furniture overbearing to the point of intimidation?
Harsh surfaces, wooden floors, bright lights, bare walls and open areas can all create a stark, intimidating feel, particularly during quiet times.
Try changing the music to something more contemporary - not everyone dines well to Vivaldi.
Test volume levels too.
Talk to the local college design department.
They may have some great ideas for free.
• The welcome.
It may be better to employ a host with no trade experience but an outgoing and friendly manner.
One of the best appointments I ever made was a former trumpet player with real personality.
Not all owners make the best hosts either.
• The customer.
Do you attract mainly couples, particularly young romantics or middle-aged "said-it-alls" who are much quieter than groups?
Larger groups are noisier and less easily intimidated by the prevailing atmosphere.
Are groups welcomed and marketed to?
Are there enough customers to make the restaurant buzz - or do diners feel "on show"?
Why do people dine with you?
To celebrate (sounds unlikely) or to enjoy a quiet meal away from busy family pubs and unruly areas?
Depending on your market, you may have got it right, particularly if you have large numbers of repeat customers.
www.cma-ltd.co.uk

Robbie Bargh, Gorgeous Group

We're all so typically English when it comes to eating and chatting.
We don't like to raise our voices in restaurant environments.
I've just returned from Barcelona, where there's no such thing as a quiet, hushed and subdued atmosphere in a restaurant.
To create a more convivial atmosphere, first you need to look at the lighting.
Changing the lighting can give you a completely different look and feel.
There are some fantastic products out there, ranging from Tom Dixon copper balls to Chameleon LED lights.
Low lighting and perhaps candlelight at tables should create a warmer atmosphere and encourage guests to chill out and relax.
Second, you should consider the volume and type of music being played.
These two factors affect guests' behaviour.
You could also try playing no music at all and see if this changes the ambience for the better.
Third, staff should be trained to remember that the best restaurants are those where guests don't know they're being served; they are, in fact, simply being looked after.
Last, I would say that behaviour breeds behaviour, and managers or owners need to lead by example, be able to read their guests and make them feel at ease.
This can include looking at the design, lighting and music in a room, but most important, encouraging them to chill out and enjoy themselves.
After all, eating out is a natural part of the life we live today; not being able to relax and enjoy the experience would indeed be a sad thing.
To me, ambiance is REALLY important in a restaurant experience.
I can go to eat at a restaurant with no ambiance, of course, but it’s a whole different experience; I’m there to eat some food and leave.
I expect to pay low to moderate prices, and have average food.
It’s basically like eating cafeteria-style.
You are there basically to feed your hunger, nothing more.
But if I go to a place with "ambiance", I expect to be immersed in an "experience", and enjoy more than just the food there.
And, I do expect to pay more.
Ambiance makes me want to stay and soak in the atmosphere, to look around and enjoy the place, like one would enjoy a visit at a friends home.
It wraps you up in the entire experience, and you leave feeling "special".
I like to have a visual experience when I dine.
I love the cluttered-up museum look in restaurants like Applebee’s and Red Robin Gourment Burger Restaurants.
It keeps me busy checking out the artifacts and stimulates discussion.
If you have to wait, you can look around and discover new items.
I enjoy a dynamic color scheme, and decorative effects by someone who knows what they are doing.
We have a local restaurant, for instance, that is a hodge-podge of themes that don’t tie or flow together.
A nautical look, a cowboy look, a fisherman look, depending on where you sit, but all within view of each other, and they have no common thread tying them together.
And the decorative items to give those looks are small, like a wooden fish or a 5x7 photo--with large walls.
Someone went cheap (which I understand has to be done in many situations), and didn’t understand perspective--how a large wall needs a couple of large items on it rather than a dozen tiny things.
Then there is a brewpub that is simply decorated, but has so much atmosphere!
White walls with some architectural details showing, and just large black and white photos of the brewing process.
Very simple, very cool, and projects just the right feelings for the place.
It makes you feel "cool" to be in the place.
Even the menu can project the ambiance of the place.
I list painted on the wall is fine, but a descriptive menu can influence my decisions more.
What I don’t want to see--actual "clutter".
The dirty dishes, overflowing garbage, floors and walls in poor repair, flies buzzing around.
Too quiet--soft music sets a nice ambiance.
I don’t want to see a pool table in the same room where we are eating!
I don’t want to see the employees all sitting around chatting in the same area as the diners!
I could go on, as I love this kind of discussion!
I observe things like this when I go into a restaurant all the time.

The ambience of a restaurant is how the space or area is decorated to portray a theme. If it is a high end restaurant it will no doubt have crystal, silver and fine china, and there will probably be darker colors such as blacks and burgandies, and refined artwork on the walls. All this leads you to believe the restaurant you have entered is of high class and that will be the ambience. If the restaurant is a family themed type there may be things like a juke box, maybe checkered tablecloths, coloring pages for the kiddies and maybe a counter area to sit at. That ambience leads you to think the place you are in will be a lot 'homier' and user friendly. Ambience is all about how the place you are in makes you feel. 
ambiance on the other hand is above all a feeling, or a place that makes you feel comfortable and secure, often chic or elegant.
It is the mood, character, quality, tone, atmosphere, of an area. Colors = Feelings and mood, Flow = atmosphere, Decor = Quality, Cleanliness and Type of Furnishings = Character and Restaurant Staff = Tone. Hope you can work from this.

Was the restaurant clean? Did it have a distinctive style or theme? If yes, what? What kind of patrons frequent the place? Was the music too loud? Was there noise from the kitchen? Were the bathrooms clean?. 
However one thing that struck my mind was the huge red sofa located outside te resto.
Decor: The spatial arrangement made sure to compromise of many chairs as possible.
There are not many good mughlai restaurants out there but Nazeer fills that slot although it is more of a fast food outlet and it doesn't exude a restaurant ambience. The staff is pretty clumsy & sometimes they don't open till 1 on in the afternoon which drives the possible customer away. These small things can make a difference in them becoming a great restaurant chain in the near future. Now coming to the taste, the food is oily than normal but it doesn't affect the taste that much. Although fitness junkies avoid this place for anything else. My experience was more sweet than sour courtsey there brilliant tasting items on the menu but they would like to improve on the tandoori items. 
Humble in ambience but neat and tidy place dishing out mind blowing Mughlai food! Studying in Amity Noida, Nazeer is our regular after college late - lunch haunt. Moderately priced, their tandoori starters as well as the main course gravies never fail to have us licking our fingers!\nHighly recommend their butter chicken and dal makhani with butter naan, all items having liberal quantities of butter!\nThey also serve decent tasting biryani and roomali roti rolls.\nAll in all, it's a must visit for reasonably priced, delicious Mughlai.

A restaurant’s atmosphere sets the stage. It’s about more than just a dining room away from home. Food takes the spotlight as guests become its audience. Factors such as music, lighting, artwork and spacing combine to create comfort, intimacy and even romance.

“Atmosphere – it’s of the utmost importance. It’s very key. The lighting has to be right. And table settings have to as well. It’s about trying to space tables out nicely so you have that atmosphere no matter how busy you are,” says Scott Andrews, operations manager at hotel and restaurant Gidleigh Park.

The Devon destination received two stars as well as four forks and spoons for comfort in the 2014 Great Britain & Ireland Michelin Guide. He explains just how much thinking goes into dining room layouts.

“We try to ensure people aren’t sat on top of each other. They have a good amount of space between them. We need to look at that very carefully. If you have a large table in a dining room you want to make sure they’re away from others. We try not to put small tables in with large ones because they’d just get overpowered. There are so many elements you have to take into mind,” he says.

Artwork also plays a part. Paintings hang on the walls of Gidleigh Park as they do at many restaurants. Andrews says: “It sets the mood to portray to your guests. It also gives them a point of interest. There’s nothing worse than staring at a bare wall. You do need a focal point in any room but nothing too overpowering.”

Gidleigh Park’s architecture and surroundings provide the best art of all: its large dining room windows frame a view of the 109-acre garden. Outside’s greenery blends in with the interior wooden walls to match the color palette of the landscape. It takes advantage of its location in the Devon countryside.

That emphasis on nature also applies to Gidleigh Park’s treatment of sound. Andrews says the restaurant avoids music because it would otherwise overpower the three small dining rooms there. It instead allows natural noise from the space to provide that tune.

“Atmosphere comes from guests, their conversations, the clinking of glasses and cutlery. It’s a very relaxed environment. Our guests have always preferred not to have music. We’ve had a lot of comments on the positives,” he says.

The Square in London also avoids music. It has two Michelin stars and four forks and spoons for comfort much like Gidleigh Park. Matching interior brightness to outside light is another way for the restaurant to keep its atmosphere relaxed and natural.

General manager Nicolas Digard says: “We dim the lights as the night goes on. It starts quite bright but at the end of the night it’s very low. If night falls early, we dim the lights early. In the summer, we dim throughout the night to match the light outside.

“We don’t want the lights to be too bright for the customer. We just want the customer to feel relaxed and enjoy their meal. When it’s too bright it’s not enjoyable.”


and table layouts are only as important as the staff that make the restaurant work. Brett Graham, head chef at The Ledbury (pictured) in London, thinks personalizing service has been the key to his restaurant’s success.

“I want people to come here under all different, individual circumstances. That’s what I really try and put across to the staff. I try and get the staff to read what people may want on that particular service because the way you treat this table may be completely different to that table,” he says.

Gidleigh Park’s Scott Andrews agrees. “The main thing we do here at Gidleigh for atmosphere is the staff. We try to get that balance between professionalism and care and being attentive without being stiff and overbearing. We’re there when the guests need us, and when we’re not, we’re stood back keeping an eye,” he says.

Tailoring to a customer’s needs reverts to the same principle of keeping things natural. Service is not forced and neither is a vibrant atmosphere. These restaurants strive to make the dining experience as organic as possible. They enjoy the best atmosphere because they understand ambiance is merely harnessed.

The spacious layout and classic look of the restaurant allows a relaxed ambiance to come through. General manager Nicolas Digard says: “You’ve got a lot of space on the table and between each table. Customers can have their own intimacy.”
People dine out at restaurants in order to create a unique experience. They are looking for something special that they cannot replicate at home. One way to provide this is to create an atmosphere where people can socialize and feel comfortable. If people enjoy your atmosphere as well as your food, they are more likely to develop an emotional connection to your restaurant, which is a prerequisite to creating loyal customers. Consider the following elements in your dining room:
Lighting

Install lighting fixtures to match your design concept. Bright lighting is usually a mistake. Do not make the lighting too dramatic and flashy, or customers will be over-stimulated. Soft, low lighting will help create a feeling of comfort and imbue the dining area with an aura of privacy and intimacy. To create elegance or coziness, use candles or table lamps. Brighter lighting can be effective when it is coupled with fun colors and designs, so that it will create a more casual, loose atmosphere.
Tabletop

When choosing your tabletop supplies, select dinnerware and decorations that will go well with your food and your dining room décor. Make sure that the following elements, if you choose to use them, match your design concept:

    Vases
    Candelabras
    Glassware
    Dinnerware
    Table linens

Dinnerware should be chosen especially carefully, since it will affect the presentation of the food. A high-end establishment can go with fine china with decorative rims, while a more casual restaurant would be better off with strong ceramic china dinnerware. White or off-white is always a good choice for the color of dinnerware, since it will not interfere with the presentation on the plate. However, a restaurant with a more fun or playful concept can go with brighter more colorful dinnerware. » See our Commercial Dinnerware Buying Guide

Music

A silent atmosphere can sometimes make customers feel uncomfortable, especially in a smaller dining area where they may feel that their conversation is being overheard. To help customers relax, supply them with ambient music that matches your concept and has a wide appeal. You can also host live musicians. Several studies suggest that upbeat music (at about 120 beats per minute) can contribute to a faster turnover. However, studies also show that classical music can increase spending at a restaurant by making patrons feel more wealthy and sophisticated. , In the end, the most important thing is to play music that customers will enjoy. Join a music licensing company to get the rights to play a wide range of music in your restaurant.
Walls and Ceilings

Make sure to paint the walls appetizing colors. Studies show that reds, greens and browns stimulate the appetite compared to purples, blues and blacks. White will generally feel too stark and sterile. Walls with wood molding and a dark, rich paint color (like maroon or forest green) will create a relaxed, intimate feeling, while a bright color (like red) will create a fun, festive atmosphere. Compared to wood, plastic and metal tend to create a colder, more sterile environment, but a good design can use metal and plastic to support a contemporary or avant-garde look. You can use your walls to feature local artwork or any art that matches your concept; you can also use the walls for merchandising. If the ceiling is too high, you can hang fabrics to lower the ceiling and create a more intimate space.
HACCP Plans for Commercial Kitchens

HACCP stands for Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points, and it is a proactive system for food safety. Proactive means, rather than fixing a food safety issue after the fact (reacting to the situation), food service establishments have plans in place to prevent food poisoning. Most restaurants already use HACCP-based procedures in their daily procedures. Checking and recording the temperatures of hot food items, like soups or stews, every two hours is an example of a HACCP practice. Many new restaurants or other food service facilities develop HACCP plans that are tailored to their specific establishments. 
Flooring

Wooden floors can reflect light and add a warm glow to your dining area. Tiled and stone floors can also reflect light, and can enhance the charm of your restaurant. Carpeting is the most difficult flooring to maintain. However, carpet muffles sounds within the dining room, which can be beneficial to restaurants that want to create an intimate atmosphere.
Acoustics

If you have some natural light shining through, putting plants and flowers in your restaurant will be calming to customers. Greenery will add an exotic yet charming twist to the design, while flowers will add color and an appealing scent. In general, plants will bring a good energy to your atmosphere. However, if you use live plants, make sure to take good care of them, since an unhealthy looking plant can ruin appetites. Indoor pools and waterfalls can also be a soothing addition to a restaurant’s atmosphere. Studies have shown that the sound of running water relaxes people and abates stress.
Plants, Flowers and Water

Columns coupled with tile or wooden flooring will help to resonate the sound in the dining room, creating a higher volume. This can add energy to the room. In contrast, lots of fabrics and carpeted floors will muffle the sound to create a more private, quiet atmosphere.


You can advertise your own food and products with point-of-purchase displays, wall posters or table tents. This is a good way to encourage sales of merchandise, high-margin or new menu items


restaurantatmosphere 290x290 12 ways to create an awesome atmosphere for your restaurantYou asked, we answered.

We received a letter from a reader who asked:

Our restaurant serves really great food, but the restaurant itself is kind of blah. We don’t have any ambiance or atmosphere. The restaurant doesn’t feel like it has much energy and the décor is drab and boring. I’ve been to other restaurants where there’s a good vibe and I want something like that for our place, but I have no where to start or how much effort we will have to put into it.

-Marie

Great question, Marie, and you are not alone. Many restaurants struggle with this topic and as you know, great food is not enough to make your business a top-of-mind choice with customers.

You’ve got to create an awesome atmosphere too.
There are many factors that influence an awesome restaurant atmosphere. And, these details should be aligned with your brand story so that the overall impression, and vibe you create work together and make sense.

Here are twelve things to consider when planning out a memorable atmosphere. Remember every choice you make can impact the mood, the emotions, the drama and experience you dish out daily.

1. Restaurant Concept – Your restaurant concept is a creative theme that tells an emotional story about the restaurant. Great restaurant concepts connect the food and beverage offering, history, style and fashion, culture and environment. Your concept should direct your awesome atmosphere. For example a simple French Bistro may not only look like small café in France, but the wait staff could have heavy French accents, décor can reflects dramatic street scenes from a French town and menu items are inspired by famous French authors verses an edgy and hip bar may leverage industrial materials for decor, blast techno tunes and showcase very abstract art. These restaurants have very different atmospheres.

2. Customers – Who are your ideal customers? Think of your restaurant as a party where you’re in charge of the guest list. Is your party going to be wild and loud, family-friendly, elegant, business-like, quiet, romantic, a place to hang all day or a casual dinner? The customers in your restaurant will play a big part in setting the atmosphere of your restaurant.

cleanatmosphere 290x290 12 ways to create an awesome atmosphere for your restaurant3. Cleanliness – This is a biggie for your restaurant’s atmosphere. If things are dirty and disorganized, it will drag the energy down. Make cleanliness and organization a priority in the front and the back of the house. Remember to keep the bathrooms well-maintained, too. They are a great indicator of how clean the rest of your restaurant is.

4. Staff – Your hostess, maître d’, manager, waitstaff, bartenders, busboys, chefs, sous-chefs, cooks and kitchen staff will all contribute to the atmosphere and energy in your restaurant. Your employees should be friendly and helpful and their interaction with customers should match the concept. For example, if your restaurant is an intimate Italian place where couples come to spend a romantic evening, your staff should probably be attentive, but low-key. If your restaurant is a loud, interactive experience, servers will probably be more involved with customers. For more on this, see our this post that talks about “guest sensitivity” . Your staff’s uniforms should match the restaurant concept. Employees in sports bar may wear jeans and sports jerseys while staff at an elegant fine-dining restaurant might wear shirts and ties. Staff should be neat and tidy (see cleanliness in #3)

5. Lighting – Lighting is incredibly important in setting the tone at your restaurant. There are businesses that specialize in how to properly light a room to create an ambiance. Again, remember to match the lighting to the concept. Grand crystal chandeliers and candlelight would be appropriate for an elegant, romantic restaurant. Fun, colorful lighting would work well for a child-themed restaurant and natural light for a “green” healthy-themed spot. Consider how your restaurant will be lit at different times of day. Many restaurants use dimmers to change the intensity of light over the course of the day. If you are relying on natural light, make sure that you’re not getting baked in the morning or the afternoon by using window treatments and have other light sources on cloudy days.

atmospherelighting 290x290 12 ways to create an awesome atmosphere for your restaurant

6. Color – The colors that you use in your logo and other branding touchpoints should be consistent with the colors that you use in your restaurant such as wallcolor, floor colors, window treatments and furniture. Colors have been shown to have an impact on appetite. Warm colors increase appetite and cool colors, specifically blue, have been shown to decrease appetite. There is also some interesting research on the psychology of color that can help you with your color choices. Again, make sure that the colors you choose fit your concept. For example, bright green for a healthy, vegetarian restaurant.

7. Texture – As mentioned in the our sensory blog post, the sense of touch can enhance an atmosphere and your branding. Cool, sleek surfaces like marble will have a different impact than rough, rustic wood. Consider the texture on walls, floors, furniture and anything else that customers will see or touch.

linenstexture 290x290 12 ways to create an awesome atmosphere for your restaurant

8. Artwork – Think about what you will place on the walls to enhance the atmosphere. Large oil paintings would enhance a sophisticated restaurant while kitschy folk art made from old utensils might amp up the ambiance at a farm to table concept.

atmospherewalls 290x290 12 ways to create an awesome atmosphere for your restaurant

9. Menu design – In addition to reinforcing your restaurant’s ambiance, research confirms good menu design and thoughtful content matter to the bottom line and to delivering a winning brand experience. Take a look at your menus. Do they reflect the atmosphere of your restaurant or are they non-descript cardboard printed in Times New Roman font. More upscale restaurant concepts usually use simple, minimal menus while a cozy Italian trattoria might have menus written on chalkboards. Check your menus regularly to make sure that they are clean and stain-free (see cleanliness tip #3).

10. Dishes, silverware and linens – The dishes, silverware, serving pieces and linens you choose should add to your ambiance. Using non-descript clunky white plates and polyester napkins will make the atmosphere bland. Think about what types of plates and glasses would support your concept and add something different to the dining experience. For example, pottery from a local artisan would work well with a farm-to-table concept. Brightly colored plates and cups for a children’s restaurant. One of a kind, mix and match plates and silverware could work in a local coffee shop.

dishesplates 290x290 12 ways to create an awesome atmosphere for your restaurant

11. Furniture – How do the tables and chairs support the atmosphere? Think about the think materials, colors, textures, shapes and scale of items and elements. Also consider where furniture is placed in the dining room.

chairs 290x290 12 ways to create an awesome atmosphere for your restaurant

12. Sound – This is a big part of creating ambiance and atmosphere. Sit in your dining room during different times of day. Pay attention to the noise level and what you hear. Do you hear yelling and banging in the kitchen, waitstaff gossiping, conversations at different tables, rowdiness from the bar area? Consider your restaurant concept and what sounds go along with it (loud, exciting, quiet). Working on the acoustics at your restaurant can be as simple as grouping tables or putting up some kind of divider in a room.

What kind of music or entertainment will you have to create an atmosphere that reflects your concept. You can select one or many of the following live music, piped in music, DJ, big screen films, music videos, scenery, juke box, or personalized music delivered at the tables. The volume at which you play your music is critical in supporting the ambiance you desire. Loud music for a hip, lively restaurant versus soft music played at a very low volume for a quiet, romantic place. Finally, think about where you hear the music and entertainment in the entrance, the main room, private areas, the restrooms, the bar, the parking lot.

Creating ambiance and atmosphere at your restaurant doesn’t have to cost an arm and a leg. Making small on-brand changes can improve the vibe by leaps and bounds.
Branding is a marketing technique that uses messages and designs, such as logos and symbols, to promote awareness of and loyalty to your restaurant’s brand. The key to effective branding is to implement a consistent creative marketing concept. A good restaurant marketing campaign will feature consistent messages and visual designs in all of its marketing materials as well as the interior and exterior appearance of the restaurant. When developing your restaurant’s branding techniques, consider the following:
Target market.

Your design concept should match your target market. For example, if your target market is children and families, you should choose a fun, playful design. If you cater to empty nesters, your designs should probably be more sophisticated.
» Learn more about target marketing for restaurants
Consistency of appearance.

The “look” of your marketing materials and the restaurant’s design should create a consistent image for your brand. Make sure your advertisements, signs, menu, and interior decorating all use a similar design. This will encourage customers to strongly associate your restaurant with certain symbols and colors. You should also incorporate consistent scents and sounds into your branding efforts. Once your restaurant has created an “image,” every time customers see your logo or design or smell your food, they will remember the entire brand and customer experience that goes with it.
Consistency of message.

Make sure the message that you send in your designs, slogans and advertising copy is consistent and matches the concept of your restaurant. Do not, for example, market yourself as a family restaurant in your advertisements and as an elegant fine-dining establishment in your menu copy and design. Branding requires that you repeatedly send your customers a message about what your restaurant can provide, and if that message is not consistent, your branding efforts will not have as great of an impact. 
Branding Through Creative Marketing

    Choosing a Color Scheme

    When choosing a color scheme for your restaurant’s creative platform, you should take into account the effect the color scheme will have on the mood and appetite of diners. Color theory suggests that colors can influence purchasing decisions. As you design your restaurant, you may want to avoid blues, purples and blacks, which are the least appetizing of colors. However, if these colors are a necessary aspect of your design concept, it is okay to use them in moderation, especially if you run a bar or a lounge. On the other hand, reds, oranges, greens and browns have been known to stimulate the appetite, perhaps because they are the naturally-occurring colors of food. Restaurants have found that red, in particular, piques the appetite. You may want to consider using these “appetizing” colors, but the most important thing is to be consistent. When designing your marketing materials, choose a color scheme and stick with it.

Restaurant Logos

Having a unique logo is an essential aspect of restaurant branding. Once your customers begin associating your logo with your brand, the emblem alone will be enough marketing material to create brand awareness. Follow these guidelines to create a logo:
Make it unique.

Make sure your logo cannot be mistaken for another restaurant. If your design is too similar to another business’s, it will be difficult to create a clear association between your symbol and your brand.
Match your logo to your concept.

In order to send a consistent message about what your restaurant has to offer, your logo should match the rest of your concept. For upscale full-service restaurants it can be as simple as your restaurant’s name in elegant writing. If your concept is more playful, your logo can include more graphics and colors.
Hire a professional.

A graphic designer will be able to create a unique and attractive logo. You can use a design provider like Logoworks to create a logo for a very economical price. If you do decide to create your own logo, make the design cohesive. Make sure the logo looks like a single graphic rather than several images stuck together. A scattered or confused logo has little impact and is difficult to remember.

Put your logo on all of your marketing materials, including advertisements, signs, takeout bags, merchandise and menus. The more customers that see your logo, the more memorable your marketing message will be.
Restaurant Slogans and Spokespeople

Slogans and spokesthings should be used with caution. A gimmicky slogan or spokeperson is too easily identifiable as a marketing ploy, and it could hurt your business more than it helps. However, sometimes a slogan or spokesperson can help create brand loyalty, especially for restaurants with multiple locations and a widespread advertising campaign. When necessary, use slogans and spokesthings to differentiate yourself from the competition. For example, Burger King found success with the slogan “Have it your way” because it differentiated Burger King, which makes its burgers to order, from other fast food chains that are less accommodating to customers’ special requests. Jack in the Box had success with its fictional CEO spokesman because the anti-establishment image he created was that of a non-typical fastfood chain.
Branding Through Restaurant Design

The interior and exterior design of your restaurant has a big impact on the customer experience. You can design your restaurant to encourage branding by reinforcing your brand’s message and appearance through repetition. Follow these tips to design a restaurant that will send a consistent marketing message and further brand awareness and loyalty to your restaurant:
Display your logo.

You can use your logo in your interior restaurant design to match your marketing materials. Consider placing your logo on your outdoor sign, outdoor and indoor menus, posters on the walls, above the bar and near the point of purchase (POP).
Use a consistent color scheme.

If you can get customers to associate your restaurant with a color, especially an appetizing one, you will create a consistent image for your brand and make it easier for customers to remember you. Match your restaurant design color scheme to your marketing materials. You can always use neutrals in your interior design, but white will feel stark and sterile. Design your interior with colors that match your concept. Walls with wood molding and a dark, rich paint color (like maroon, dark brown, or forest green) will create a relaxed, intimate feeling, while a bright color (like bright red) will create a fun, festive atmosphere. Your outdoor sign and menu should also make use of a common color scheme.
Match decorations to your concept.

In addition to colors, make sure that the lighting, tabletops, seating, wall hangings and plants reflect the overall message and appearance of your brand. For example, if you operate a tropical frozen yogurt establishment, use tropical fruits and plants, exotic décor and warm, sunny lighting in your interior design to create an image that matches your design concept.
Incorporate your design into your exterior.

Curb appeal will draw new customers and make an impact on existing ones. Your restaurant’s design concept should show on the outside, too. That way, customers and passersby are immediately exposed to your brand’s image.

A cohesive and unique design concept will make your restaurant stand out. By creating a consistent and cohesive design concept for your marketing materials an interior and exterior restaurant design, you can help customers remember your brand and the experience they had at your restaurant.


Last month I was in an elegant, Italian restaurant in Jeddah, Saudi with my speaking colleague, Dr. Jim Balasco. Every inch of the restaurant was opulent, sophisticated and refined. All of the food presentations were made into masterpieces and the flavors were beyond my highest expectations – as if they were hitting all of my taste buds one at a time.

Once the food arrived, the waiter returned with a gigantic pepper mill, the largest one I’ve ever seen. It was very over the top, unexpected and fun. It was just a small touch of hugeness, an element of solid magnitude and a story that I’ve shared with a lot of people since that night.

Years ago, I discovered a company that specializes in big stuff. And I’m happy to report they are still delivering big stuff and their offering has gotten much bigger. There’s a lot to be said about big things. Remember Tom Hanks in the movie big, how could you forget it? It was a big hit. Big stuff is more stick-to-your-memory than smaller items. Sometimes big reflects a persona of confidence, sometimes even a mammoth kind of goofiness, but it’s always a memorable image.

Is there anything you can pump up in size in your restaurant brand experience? Consider these applications to increase your big brand memory effect.
1) What about when you send mail to a prospect and it’s packaged in a very big way?
2) Or something that your restaurant displays at a convention that really stands out from all the boring restaurant displays?
3) Why not something big in your restaurant that people want to be photographed next to?
4) What about a PR photo visual that is really super-sized? Tie in a holiday and create something enormous and then break a Guninness world record too. Like Charlie Sheen has done. To date he has earned being the highest paid actor for a sitcom, attracted the most twitter followers in faster time and I suppose biggest pathetic guy.

A strong restaurant brand is earned by what consumers think and feel about your place, your food and your service team. The mental opinions that customers and prospects form are based on 80% emotional response and 20% logical information, experiences and communications.
senses nhutterstock 136813862 300x207 Full sensory restaurant branding 5 opportunities

As humans, our emotional state is activated by messages the brain gets from our five senses. Brand builders who leverage all five senses significantly increase the odds of connecting to diners with appetites and disposable income.

My good friend and author Martin Lindstrom covers this topic in depth in his best-selling book Brand Sense. I highly recommend reading it. Here’s some insight from Martin’s book and some opportunities and ideas to consider as you are creating or improving your brand experience with sensory-infused touch points.

1) Sight is the most seductive sense of them all.
It overrides the other senses and has the power to persuade us against all logic. It has been reported that visual elements can mold 90% of one’s first impression.

Needless to say visual elements matter, especially in branding. Colors, shapes, lines and textures all make up an image in the mind of the consumer. Also, visual associations like: cleanliness, crowds and food presentation all can impact the impressions that customers develop.

2) Sound is connected to mood.
Sound creates feelings, emotions and often memories. It is also considered the second strongest sensory influence in brand building.

Sound in your restaurant can come from many forms including: crowd noise, music, waterfalls and food sizzling. It can also be a familiar jingle that you use in advertising or on your hold message with your phone.

3) Of all the senses, taste is the weakest.
In fact, taste generates the lowest emotional response. Smell generates 10,000 times more emotional stimuli that taste.

4) Scent and smell need to be top sensory opportunities.
Areas of opportunity for smell go beyond the food aromas associated with the meals like: freshly baked breads, flaming sweet deserts and steamed seafood and can include other aromas like: appetizing scents from the parking lot, maybe it’s smoky wood burning, meats grilling or coffee roasting. The restrooms are another opportunity for aroma. Deodorizers come in endless fragrances like: vanilla, fresh herbs like basil or rosemary, or berry scents may also be appropriate for your concept.

5) And the last sense is touch.
Touch is important because skin is our largest organ and directly sends signals to the brain. When we are comfortable and relaxed in a soft leather chair. Or when we are agitated because the room temperature is off. Consider everything from where your fans blow, to the material of napkins.

All the senses impact the experience and many can be controlled. Here is a sensory checklist to help you tap into all five.

Sight.
Conduct a walk through of your establishment.
From all points of view, what do you see? Sit at the bar. Sit a choice table. Sit in a private dining room.

Sound.
Conduct a sound audit.
Call your place. What is the noise level like on the phone? What is your on hold message like? How does your staff answer the phone? What does it sound like at the bar? In the dining room? In the parking lot? In the restrooms?

Smell.
Conduct a sniff trial. 
When you are in the parking lot, what do you smell? How about sitting at a table? At the bar? In the restrooms?

Touch.
Conduct a touch test.
How do your dining room chairs feel? What about your napkins? The table and bar tops? The menus? 

Taste.
Conduct a taste review.
This quality check should happen daily by management. Are there an unexpected places your customers can enjoy flavors and tastes?  For example: A Ritz Carlton I visited on the East Coast would serve fresh spun cotton candy in unusual herb and vegetable flavors like Rosemary beet and lemon basil as an after dinner treat. Here’s a resource in Seattle called Spun doing something similar. In closing in a previous post, we featured a cool company that is a purveyor or micro-greens. These aromatic plants are packed with surprising flavors like corn on the cob and licorice. Worth checking out, too.

IMG 1669 270x300 Tableside theater – great show or annoying act?The Wall Street Journal columnist Alina Dizik wrote an interesting piece last week on the return of tableside service to high-end restaurants.  To read her full story click here. It seems there is resurgence of this art of food presentation and entertainment.

She notes many restaurants employ the strategy as a viable opportunity to engage the guests, sell costly dishes and even add a bit of culinary education to the customer experience.

The article which featured one of my long time buddies, Alex Brennan Martin of Brennan’s in Houston (way to go Alex!) and his restaurant’s nostalgic take on the technique, also made a good point.  Brennan explained, bringing back a tableside tradition can be a nice touch, but today it needs to fit into the real world dynamics of a busy night. In their case, they now train a team of servers and chefs with tabletop performances like Bananas Foster, Crepes Suzette, spirited coffees and warm salads ensuring consistency and smooth logistics. The food theater cast members are also designated as Flambé chefs.

Other examples of food prep theater or menu item finishing that Alina Dizik cites in her story include:

Eleven Madison Park in New York
Prepares special sauces, grinds a carrot into carrot tartare.

At Urban Farmer, a Portland, Ore
Rolls out, discusses and carves tableside a 14 inch long Tomahwk rib-eye.

Desnuda ceviche bar and restaurant in Brooklyn’s Williamsburg neighborhood
Serves “smoked” oysters using a “tea bong” brought to the customers in their booth.

And the image above is from Ocean Prime in Tampa
They present their Colossal Shrimp Cocktail with a little smoke and cold ice.

So can adding some theater to your restaurant brand’s experience enhance the excitement of the event and create a memorable good time, or will it annoy patrons who are there for personal conversation and business?

Here are six ideas to earn high reviews from tableside theater at your place.

1)   If tableside theater is new to your operation, start with simple acts. Train your team well and conduct many dress rehearsals.

2)   Give guests serving style choices, with theater or without. This will reduce the annoyance factor with patrons who are not interested in any extra drama at their table.

3)   Test food theater ideas at a community table and observe the rest of the room’s response. For example, if patrons see the dramatic dish, do they ask about it and order it or seem turned off and annoyed?

4)   Train servers on guest sensitivity, so they know the agenda of the intended dining experience and how much privacy is desired. For example, are guests here for business, special occasion or a night out with the mistress? Understanding what people want will dictate how much and in what way servers interact with them.

5)   Should you launch a tableside theater dish that becomes part of your brand’s signature menu items, make sure and promote it via publicity, social media and with complete staff knowledge.

6)   If your act includes fire, tossing knives or anything that can end up being a claim in lawsuit, cover your butt with extra safety measures as tableside performances can backfire, just ask a Florida restaurant, Ozonas Blue Grilling Co. They earned national press when a server poured a little too much alcohol on some not so happy bananas and caused an explosion sending two guests to the hospital. Remember, not all publicity is good publicity.

Every restaurant’s dining room should be unique. It may not seem obvious, but the layout and organization of your dining room supports your branding and subtly influences your customers spending. So be sure that your dining room and seating layouts are strategically designed.
Dining Room Layout

Before designing the layout of your tables and seating, you first need to consider your space limitations and decide how many separate dining spaces you will to create.

If you have not yet decided on the architecture of your dining area or plan to renovate the existing architecture, you can divide your space up in the following ways:

    Multiple main dining areas. You can create multiple dining rooms that flow into each other. Dividing up your dining areas with walls will make it easier to anchor tables. To add an individual charm to each space, you can design each room differently.
    Open main dining area. You can use a single, large open dining space. Visually and acoustically, this will tend to add an edge of excitement to your dining room, since customers will be able to hear and see all other parties. This kind of space is ideal for floating tables, tables that are not near walls or other fixtures, but you can also add columns to create anchored seating, as well. The columns will have the added effect of enhancing the acoustics in the room.
    Private dining rooms. You can close off a section or two of your FOH with double doors, and designate that space as a private dining area. You can use one of the rooms as a smoking area, if local laws allow it. You can also rent out private dining rooms to large groups that want to hold private parties or meetings at your restaurant. If the rooms are not reserved, you can open the double doors and free up the space for walk-in customers.

Make sure each “area” you create will fit the number of tables and other furniture that you want in that space. If your dining room walls are already built and you will not be renovating them, you have to work with what you have. If you are set on having multiple dining areas but cannot afford to renovate your walls, you can use curtains, screens or partitions to create separate dining “rooms.”
Seating Layout

Once the architecture of your dining area is set in stone, follow these steps to create a seating layout:

    Draw a map of the dining area. Measure the area and draw up a blueprint of the space. Include walls, columns, partitions and any other obstructions in your blueprint. You will use the blueprint to lay out your seating, tables and any other furniture in your dining room.
    Determine the space between tables. For quickservice, there can be less space, since waiters will not be moving much around the dining area. For a casual service restaurant, balance seating capacity with customer and server comfort. Consider the “feel” you hope to create. An “exciting,” casual atmosphere can be a little crowded. With a fine dining restaurant, tables should be spaced further apart to give the diners extra comfort and privacy.
    Think about party size. Depending on your restaurant-type, you may be serving large parties. If you will be expecting large parties, you will need a couple of large tables. If you are not sure what size of parties you will serve, it is a good idea to create a flexible seating layout with extra two-person tables that can be put together or pulled apart to accommodate different party sizes.
    “Anchor” some of your seating. The large majority of people prefer to sit at a table that is “anchored” to a wall or a partition, rather than one that is floating in the middle of the room. Furthermore, people spend more money when they occupy anchored seating, although this is partly compensated for by the fact that they also linger longer after finishing their meals. Create seating anchored to the following:
        Walls
        Nooks
        Partitions or screens
        Columns
        Curtains

    Booths encourage the highest spending per minute, while tables near a wall or corner also have a high spending-per-minute value. The worst kind of anchored seating to encourage spending is banquette-style seating, where a long bench is set against a wall to be used as the seat back.
    Strategically place floating tables. You can encourage high turnover with strategically-placed floating tables. Guests spend less time lingering at tables near busy areas, like the kitchen or the exit, but they spend about the same average on their checks. Thus, the tables that are exposed to high traffic, the “bad” tables, are often the most profitable, earning more dollars-per-minute per customer. However, keep in mind that this will affect the customers’ memories of their dining experiences. While exposed, “floating” tables are often more profitable, they are less likely to encourage customers to come back again.

Studies of spending-per-minute at different table locations suggests that it is not necessary to go out of your way to get rid of all the “floating” tables. On the other hand, anchored tables are a key element in making diners feel comfortable and emotionally attached to your restaurant. In the end, the most profitable way to arrange tables is a mix of anchored tables and free-standing tables near high-traffic areas that can be mixed and matched to accommodate different party sizes.

Generally, warming and holding should be placed at the end of the assembly line, on the outer edges of the cooking block or near the area where servers pick up the food. That way, it is easy to transfer recently cooked foods directly to the warmers, where they can await plating without going cold.

    Put steam tables in the prep area. Steam tables are often used in the kitchen to keep ingredients warm and safe before they are added to a dish. That way, warm ingredients do not need to be prepared to order. Place your steam table in the prep area or across from the cook line. In cases where steam tables are used to serve pre-prepared dishes directly onto the plate, they should be placed at the very end of the cook line.
    Keep warmers out of the way. In general, countertop warmers and holding cabinets are used to hold prepared foods or heat up pre-cooked foods. Since they are usually not needed until the final stages of food preparation, they should be kept on the edge of the cooking and prep areas.
    Locate overhead warmers near the server pick-up area. After food is plated, there is generally a lag before servers are able to pick it up, so the plated food has to go under an strip warmer to keep it piping hot. Most commercial kitchens have a kitchen-to-server transfer area with an overhead warmer. 

When planning the layout for your commercial kitchen, there are several factors you need to consider.

    Available Space
    Available space is an important consideration regardless of whether you are building from the ground up or placing your commercial kitchen in an existing building. Either way, you want to make the most of your available space without sacrificing work flow or speed. A general rule is to allow five square feet of kitchen space for every seat in your restaurant, so a 60-seat restaurant will need at least a 300 square foot kitchen.[i]
    Employee Mobility
    A well-arranged commercial kitchen will allow employees to easily move around without bumping into one another. This is vital to maintaining a smooth-running kitchen, especially during rush periods.
    Health Codes
    Local health codes have certain stipulations when it comes to commercial kitchen layout and design. For example, most health departments require there to be a floor drain within six feet of a commercial ice machine. 
    Ergonomics
    The theory behind ergonomics is that the fewer steps your employees need to complete a task, the better. An ergonomically designed commercial kitchen is one where employees can stand in one spot and do all of their work with minimal bending, reaching, walking or turning. Ergonomics can also reduce the amount of injury, discomfort and fatigue in the kitchen. 

Going Green

Restaurants that want to be green should always separate the cooking block from refrigeration, to maximize energy efficiency. They should also be sure that all cooking equipment is under an energy-efficient vent hood.

» More Information on eco-friendly restaurants

    Energy Efficiency
    Energy efficiency should be a primary consideration for any commercial kitchen layout, because it saves money on utility costs. In an energy-efficient setup, refrigeration and cooking equipment are kept as far apart as possible while still being practical. Also, cooking equipment is strategically placed to maximize the efficiency of the exhaust hood.
    Sensory Appeal
    Beyond appetizing smells, kitchen layout can appeal to customers’ other senses as well. Exhibition kitchens, for example, allow customers to see everything that’s going on.
    Flexibility
    Regardless of the final layout, flexibility of design is important for any commercial kitchen. A change in management or food trends could completely change the menu, which can affect equipment usage and placement. Beyond that, make sure the equipment can be easily moved for cleaning. 

Kitchen Arrangement

There is no definite rule on how to arrange your commercial kitchen equipment. It all depends on the available space and your particular needs. However, there are four different arrangements that are common.

    Ergonomic Configuration
    In a purely ergonomic configuration, the kitchen equipment is arranged according to what is most comfortable and efficient for the chef and kitchen workers and is usually less energy efficient. For example, an ergonomically arranged kitchen might have an undercounter freezer located directly beside the commercial deep fryer. Although this is not energy-efficient, it allows frozen French fries or chicken strips to be moved directly from the freezer to the fryer, without even taking a step.
    Assembly-Line Configuration
    This design is ideal for a restaurant that mostly produces large quantities of the same foods, like pizzas or sandwiches. In an assembly-line configuration, the kitchen is laid out according to the order of use, and the pieces of equipment are generally in a line and are sometimes linked together battery-style. For example, a pizza shop might start with the commercial refrigerator, move to the dough-shaping area, then to the pizza prep table, then to the pizza deck oven and finally to the warming and holding station or pizza box.
    Zone-Style Configuration
    In a zone-style configuration, the kitchen is divided into different zones or blocks. Generally, there is a block for food preparation, a block for cooking, a block for refrigeration and ice machines, a block for sanitation and ware-washing, and a block for the kitchen-to-server transition. There may even be multiple blocks. For example, a large kitchen may need two food preparation blocks: one near the refrigeration and one near the cooking equipment. 

    Island-Style Configuration
    Island-style kitchens are popular in both the residential and commercial settings. It is similar to the zone-style configuration but there is one main block in the middle. Typically, commercial kitchens with an island-style configuration place the cooking equipment in the middle with the food prep, storage and kitchen-to-server transition areas on the outer walls. The reverse is also common, with prep equipment in the center and cooking equipment on the outer walls. 


What makes customers choose one restaurant or bar over another? Sure, the food and drinks are a major factor in their decision; so is the price. But more often than you may realize, it’s the atmosphere of your bar or restaurant that convinces customers to come in...or sends them scurrying away.
To create the right atmosphere, start by considering what type of customers you want to attract. Do you want your new bar to be a comfortable , pub like neighborhood hangout, or a chic destination for trendy singles? Do you want your new restaurant to be a romantic date spot for couples, a friendly place for families, or the “must try” destination for hipster foodies? Consider your target customers’ age range, income, location and family status, as well as the area where you’re opening and the cuisine you serve. Last, but not least, keep in mind that your atmosphere should convey and reinforce your bar or restaurant’s brand. With those factors in mind, it’s time to make some decisions:

Different colors have been shown to affect appetite. Warm colors generally enhance appetite (which is why many fast food establishments use red or orange) while cool colors suppress it. Your color scheme should tie into your brand and marketing materials.

Table lamps, candles and fairy lights can set a romantic mood; bright lights are great for hip, casual or trendy locations. Consider dimmer switch options that let you adjust lighting for di fferent times of day. Also consider how window treatments can block unpleasantly bright light from a setting or rising sun.

Should it be loud, soft, classical or trendy? Louder, faster music makes your establishment feel hip and exciting, while unobtrusive music is better for a romantic establishment or one targeting older customers. Live music can be a great way to draw customers to a bar. Faster paced music makes people eat faster, so if you want to turn tables quickly, speed up the beats per minute!

Casual restaurants often feature photos of food and colorful menus with specials called out. Upscale menus are generally clean and simple, in neutral colors. Also consider what kinds of signage and table toppers fit with your overall look, and whether you need a kids’ menu.

Your tables and chairs should be inviting, durable and easy to keep clean so your bar or restaurant doesn’t start looking shabby. Restaurateurs, consider how often you want your tables to turn if your seating is too comfortable, customers may campout longer than you’d like.
Employees should be clearly recognizable and customers should be able to tell a waiter from a busboy. Your color palette should tie in with your overall décor. In general , upscale locations will use neutral colors such as black or gray, while lower priced establishments often use primary colors. If your restaurant has an ethnic theme, you might consider incorporating ethnic touches into the uniforms.

Plates, glasses, silverware and linens should all tie into your overall theme. For instance, big, chunky, handmade looking glasses and colorful plates could be great for a Mexican restaurant, while a French café or funky coffeehouse might want mismatched , vintage looking china.

Four years ago, this became a mantra of sorts for the owners of local Irish pub JK O’Donnell’s, which was about to open its doors for the first time. From the food to the utensils to the hand towels in the bathroom, every item inside the restaurant was being considered, tested and chosen with three words in mind.

“Attention to detail,” general manager Fritz Hoffman says.

It was agreed that Coleman’s – imported from the U.K. – would be the restaurant’s official mustard. The music overhead would be Celtic and the television would promote Ireland’s national pastime: soccer (or football, if you’re a purist).

This dedication to detail also included the restaurant’s menu.

Rather than presenting its customers with a traditional menu layout, the restaurant opted for something new – a restaurant menu that was actually fun to read.

Written by Matt Kelley, owner of local advertising agency One Lucky Guitar, the menu begins with a list of appetizers and a description. “Sure, we call them ‘starters’ – but they work equally well as ‘middlers’ and ‘finishers’ – we’re nothing if not versatile.”

And below “desserts”: “Note to menu designer: insert clichéd text about saving the best for last. Don’t make it sound like a cliché, though, because in this case it’s not.”

“The menu of a restaurant speaks to what kind of experience you’ll have at the restaurant,” Hoffman says. “Our menu talks to customers the way family and friends talk to each other. That’s the atmosphere we try to create.”

A unique menu is a selling point for a restaurant, Kelley says. Choosing to approach it with humor, charisma and bravado helps create an identity for the entire restaurant.

“The menu gives you a sense of the experience you’ll get there,” Kelley says. “It gives the restaurant a distinct flavor. Makes it feel custom and not corporate.”

For example, part of the fun of the 1950s-themed diner Arnold’s Drive-In in Decatur is reading the menu. Where else can you order a Richie Cunning Ham n’ Cheese?

Or a Wooly Bully, “the sauerkraut dog that don’t mess around!”

“A restaurant is more than the sum of its parts,” says Jason Smith, one of the owners of martini bar Club Soda. “The menu is just one part of the branding.”

Smith wrote Club Soda’s menu in 1999, including a separate menu for martinis. Filled with cheeky descriptions, the menu was one of the reasons sales of the martinis grew. But it also let customers know that, even though Club Soda was a fine dining establishment, it wasn’t stuffy, Smith says.

“The whole idea for the restaurant came from sitting in the garage, listening to Sinatra, drinking martinis and smoking cigars and wishing we had somewhere else to do it,” he says. “This was the Club Soda zeitgeist, and the menu had to mirror that. It needed to have that irreverent, sassy, smart-pants feeling.”

The dinner menu also features Smith’s writing. (The description for the French onion soup reads: “It’s cheesy. And messy. You won’t look cool eating it. You will, however, look happy.”) A few years ago, the restaurant changed the menu, swapping Smith’s text for a straightforward approach. Instead of quirky turns of phrase, the menu featured a list of the food with minimal description, says manager Noelle Reith.

“It lasted one season, and we had to change it back,” she says. “People actually like reading menus. It’s one of those little details that the customers love.”


