Books on restaurant management will tell you that menu pricing for restaurants is somewhat of a vague process. You can figure out how much you are paying for food supplies and simply charge three times as much. You can try to out-do your competition by lowering your prices, or you can do some guess-work around your margins and hope your customers will pay the prices you apply.

The options above, although not unheard of, probably incur too much risk. After all, your menu, pricing included, is one of the main reasons your customers come through your doors. They want to pay for the quality they felt they received. And no doubt, your prices will influence how your restaurant is perceived by the public.

In fact prices directly affect your restaurant's profitability, so it is important to spend the time required to get it as close to perfect as possible. Although there is no exact formula, the guidelines in this article will help demystify the process so you can gain the most benefit from your decisions.
Things to Consider Before Pricing

There are a variety of aspects that affect restaurant menu pricing methods. Consider the following influencing factors and how they affect your restaurant before you begin pricing or changing menu prices.

    Direct costs.
    These are the ingredient costs associated with the food item itself. This involves the purchasing food, portion sizes, food waste from spilling, overcooking or spoiling.
    Indirect costs.
    Indirect costs are those that do not include the actual ingredients that make up a dish, but the aspects of your restaurant that add perceived value or quality. These provide significant basis upon which to charge higher prices.
    Preparation and labor.
    The labor to prepare a menu item is considered an indirect cost. Menu items that require time, effort, artistry or talent to prepare merit a higher menu price than something that simply requires heating and plating.
    Overhead expenses.
    Overhead costs for items such as décor, product presentation, amenities and marketing efforts. Although slightly less common, these can create added value and validate higher menu item prices.
    Volatile food costs.
    Many raw commodity food items, or basic ingredients with minimal quality variance, may fluctuate as often as daily. For instance, flooding in Texas could wipe out a tomato crop, causing supply to drop and demand to increase. In a case such as this you have two easy options: raise your prices or work with a seasonal menu. Seasonal menus allow flexibility for buying crops in season, or in supply, to keep costs down.
    Competition.
    Check out your competition on a regular basis. You might even go out to eat at your rival restaurants and take advantage of the opportunity to see what you can improve about your own operation. Also, most restaurants have their menus available online. A simple search on the Internet can reveal a lot about what is offered in you neighborhood.
    Service type.
    Prices will undoubtedly change depending on whether your restaurant is a fast-casual restaurant or a fine dining restaurant. Be sure your prices represent the service value your customers receive. For instance, full service restaurants can always charge more for their hamburgers than quick-service joints, because full service restaurants are also providing greater ambience, better service and often better ingredients than the quick-service alternative.
    Pricing boundaries.
    Determine your boundaries. Every restaurant situation is different and prices will vary depending on location, preparation and simple supply and demand. Figure out the very least you can charge while still making a reasonable profit in your business, and then determine the highest price your market will pay for your items. Gather information about demographics and average income levels in order to find out the prices people in your market area will pay.

Common Menu Pricing Methods

Your restaurant's appearance, menu choices and level of service all determine how menu items can be priced. Below are some common suggestions for how some restaurant owners choose to proceed:
Ideal Food Cost Pricing Method
Quick Fact

Items like fryer oil, salt and pepper and condiments can affect your overall food cost. You should account for a variance of about 4% to keep from losing money on these indirect costs. For instance, if you are shooting for a food cost percentage of 32 percent, you should actually try to hit 28 percent to account for those extra costs.1

» Learn More About Restaurant Cost of Goods

This method calls for an owner to consider the actual cost of a menu item, then consider his or her ideal food cost percentage. Ideal food cost percentage varies, but typically lies somewhere between 25 and 30 percent. The two are divided and voila, you have a menu item price. See the example below:
“Ideal

Using the ideal food costing method method, the chicken entrée should be priced at $14.16. To use this method, you need to know the cost of all the ingredients in the recipe for Lemon Rosemary Chicken, from the half cup of lemon juice to the pinch of fresh rosemary to the chicken itself. You also need to account for any side items that come with the entrée, and factor that into the menu price as well. Every food item on the plate matters. Since $14.16 is not a typical menu item price, you may want to lower it to $13.99; that is, if you cannot think of an inexpensive way to increase the perceived value of the plate enough to raise the price from $14.16 to $14.50.
symbols in food menu pricing equation

However, since factors like indirect costs, price volatility and competition are important to consider, this may not be the most reliable pricing method. Applying a price markup to all items in one fell swoop like this may inaccurately and unreasonably over- or under-price some of your items. And finally, it is always important to pay attention to the market and see what the customers in your area are willing to pay.
Competition Pricing Method

The restaurant owner using this method assigns prices to items based on the general market price or the prices assigned by the competition. Usually, the owner will either price the item to be the same as the competing prices, price it slightly lower to get those looking for a bargain, or price it higher to attract those looking for higher quality. This means that a restaurant has to work within a certain price, including labor and preparation, potentially putting a strain on the chef.
Beware of Price Gouging

Food service operations in ballparks or stadiums tend to charge people more for their food and goods, since guests do not have the option to leave and get food somewhere else. However, some places take this too far by charging more than what is considered reasonable. Be careful of those upper limits and be fair to your customers.

For instance, if the owner prices the Lemon Rosemary Chicken at $14.00 because that is just under the current competition's prices, and the ideal food cost percentage is 30 percent, the chef needs to make sure the kitchen is producing this item at no more than $4.20. This can be complicated.
Demand-Driven Pricing Method

This concept is based on the economics of supply and demand. For instance, restaurants in airports or concession stands at sports stadiums can get away with charging more for their food items because it is the only source of food in the vicinity. The demand for food is greater than the supply, so people are willing to pay more for it. Restaurants that offer specialty menu items or a unique and exciting ambience can get away with charging more since it reflects both the food and the experience.

Study your market and your customer base before pricing your menu items. You will most likely know what prices are simply too high, and the last thing you want to do is drive your customers away. Make your prices competitive and reasonable, and make sure you are offering the value appropriate for higher cost items. 
Evaluate Current Profitability

When you know which menu items are the highest grossing items (meaning they result in the most profit before any other expenses are considered) then you know which items to promote. In the chart below, you can see by looking at the last column that the king crab legs are the most profitable item on this seafood menu. Even though the food cost is greater for the crab legs, the gross profit is higher as well. To many operators, it is the gross profit that matters most. To maximize your profit, you might consider raising the price of the other fish entrées slightly, or simply train your serving team to upsell the crab legs.
Fish	Food Cost	Selling Price	Food Cost	Gross Profit
Halibut	2.75	$12.79	21.5	10.04
KingCrab Legs	7.50	20.79	36.4	13.29
Salmon	6.42	18.99	35.6	11.57
Increasing Profitability

Raising menu prices is a delicate issue. Many restaurant owners are unsure how to handle it because of how it might negatively affect their consumers' perception of the restaurant. Try the following suggestions to increase your restaurant's profitability:

    Promote your value.
    Marketing your brand and your best products can communicate your value to potential customers. Use coupons, advertisements, and other marketing strategies to start making more money.
    Make your profitable items stand out.
    Filler items are those that take up space on your menu pages but do not offer much in the way of gross profitability. Make sure you make your highest grossing items stand out on the menu.
    Add appeal to basic menu items.
    You can make your menu items more flexible and add value by creating a more attractive name, an intriguing sauce or dressing or a special theme to the food. For instance, taking a normal hamburger and drizzling it in a spicy honey barbecue sauce might add a little pizzazz and appeal, giving the public more incentive to try it and the owner a reason to slightly increase the price.
    Change prices in small increments.
    Small increments are less noticeable when you need to increase prices, and small amounts of revenue can add up to a large gain in profit. Additionally, items ending in odd numbers such as .95 or .99 are less off-putting than whole numbers. 2
    Use specials to intrigue guest interest.
    Full-service restaurants are able to create occasional specials that guests can order off the menu. Although specials can be created from the food you already have in your inventory, they should not be concocted from week-old leftovers. Menu specials are a great way to create new, exciting menu items to entice your customers. If the special goes over well, you can certainly consider 


It’s estimated that the restaurant industry makes $684 billion in sales.* However, for every dollar earned, more than half is spent on labor, supplies, and repairs; insurance…the list goes on. So, it’s no surprise that restaurants aren’t known for their wide profit margins.  Keeping an eye on menu costs can translate into significant savings over time, for any restaurant. Carefully monitoring food cost, portion sizes and kitchen waste can save money. The menu is the heart of a restaurant, so keeping it fit and trim will help its overall health and success.

Understand How Food Cost Works.

Food cost refers to how much a restaurant pays for food, before any additional costs of preparing and serving are added to the final price. For example, a single egg may cost five cents, but that doesn’t mean a restaurant would sell an egg for five cents. Or double its cost and sell it for 10 cents. In order to make a profit the cost of that egg needs to over not just its food cost, but also the cost of preparing it ( the cooks wages), serving it (the server’s wages) and cleaning up after it (the busser and/or dishwasher wages).  All of these costs need to be covered through each restaurant sale, which is why food cost is so important. Some items, like eggs and potatoes have great food cost; they cost very little to purchase and can be sold for a much higher price. Others, like beef or fresh seafood have much higher food cost, so your profit margin shrinks. The general rule is that food cost should not exceed 30% of a menu price. So, if  a restaurant is serving a beef filet with mashed potatoes and a side salad and it cost $6 for all the ingredients, the minimal menu price should be $20.

Keep Portion Sizes Under Control

Another area that restaurants can save money is through portion control. Ensuring each meal served has a consistent portion size will help keep your food cost in line. Chain restaurants have portion size down – that is how they are able to offer a consistent product over multiple locations.  Premeasuring ingredients, like cheeses and meats will help standardize your portions, no matter who is in the kitchen. Using uniform sized plates for each menu item can also help portions stay consistent. If you are opening a new restaurant, creating a kitchen manual with details about menu portions will help train staff.  

Minimize Kitchen Waste

Waste not, want not is true for restaurants, as it is for households. Avoid having any stand-alone menu items. Each ingredient in a restaurant kitchen should be used in at least two or three menu items. By cross utilizing food on your menu, you are less likely to waste it. For example if you offer a California burger with fresh avocado, you should incorporate avocados in other menu dishes.  Otherwise, you risk a case of avocados spoiling in your walk in. Offer fresh guacamole or top a turkey sandwich with it.

Update Your Menu

At my first restaurant, in a (bad) attempt to offer a vegetarian/healthy item, we added a dish with granola and cantaloupe to the breakfast menu (not surprisingly, it didn’t sell, like, at all) and we were stuck with a case of cantaloupe each week, which was hard to incorporate into other meals. There is only so much fresh fruit people are willing to order. We ended up using the cantaloupe mainly for garnish (lame, I know).  Finally, when we updated our menu we nixed the dish all together. Examining a menu a few times a year can help identify menu wasters. It is also an opportunity to check food cost and update prices, if needed.  


One of the biggest areas of concern in the restaurant business is food cost. It is ever changing. One week lettuce may be $10 a case and then the next week a drought in California causes it to jump to $50 a case. So how do you keep your food cost in line on your restaurant menu if the price of food jumps up and down? One way is through Market Price, where you routinely change the price of menu items according to the current market, which goes by supply and demand.

Market Price

Most commonly seen on fresh seafood or highly seasonal items like strawberries or raspberries, market price is listed where a regular menu price would be. It is also good for imported items, like caviar or truffles. When a dining patron sees the term Market Price, they will ask their server about how much the item is.

When it works on a restaurant menu
Market price protects your food cost. It allows you to charge what you need in order to make a profit. You can serve seasonal items all year round and know that your food costs are covered.

When it doesn’t work on a restaurant menu
Market Price is usually reserved for more expensive items. If more than a few items on your menu carry Market price instead of a set price, you risk alienating customers, who generally don’t want any surprises with their bill.

Instead try this with your restaurant menu
If lobster or strawberries are prohibitively expensive in your area in the off season, it is probably wise to leave them off the menu. Instead, special these items only when they are in season or when you food distributor is running a sale, rather than serving a $50 meal (or more) that most customers will not buy. 


One of the reasons that franchise chain restaurants are so successful is because they have menu portions under control. Whether you go into an Applebee’s in New York or in Montana, you’ll be served the same food in the same portion sizes. Customers like that predictability. And by streamlining their portion sizes, chain restaurants ensure healthy profit margins. Even if you own a small, independent restaurant, portion control is still an important factor in keeping your business profitable.

What is Restaurant Portion Control?
Just as individuals need to watch the portion sizes of foods they eat, restaurant owners need to watch the portion sizes coming out of the kitchen. Every item on your menu should have a controlled portion size in order to keep food cost in check. Restaurant portion control is also important for keeping menu items consistent for every shift. For example, say your restaurant offers an entrée of cranberry chicken with mashed potatoes and a side vegetable. To streamline your portion sizes, the entrée is broken down as follows: a six ounce boneless chicken breast, a cup of mashed potatoes, a half cup of cooked vegetables and two tablespoons of cranberry sauce on top of the chicken. Every time this entrée leaves the kitchen, no matter who is cooking, the serving sizes shouldn’t waver.

Why is Portion Control Important?
Imagine a customer’s reaction if they ordered the above meal and instead got a four ounce chicken breast, half cup of potato and a quarter cup of vegetable. While people rarely complain about getting too much food, they certainly notice if you are giving less, especially if the menu prices remain the same.

On the other hand, it’s important to keep portion sizes in check in order to maintain correct food cost and overall restaurant profits. Consider the following scenario: You offer a bowl of clam chowder for $4.00. You based the price on 10 oz. of chowder per bowl. That equals .40 cents an ounce. Say that five times each day, during the lunch and dinner rush, your kitchen staff uses the wrong ladle and overfills a bowl by one ounce. That equals $2.00 a day in uncharged chowder. Not a huge loss. But if it happens every day, that adds up- to $730 a year. Now imagine that happening consistently with all your menu items. A ounce of chicken here, a ounce of cheese there…get the idea? If you don’t keep your restaurant portions in line with your food costs, you will lose money.

So How Do I Control Restaurant Portions?
Start by training your staff to always use the correct serving utensils and dishes. A chart breaking down every menu item is also helpful for new staff. On it you can list exactly how much food goes with each item: five mozzarella sticks for an appetizer, one slice of cheese for a burger, three cherry tomatoes for side salads, five for an entrée salad…and so on. Photographs also help staff correctly portion food as it goes out of the restaurant kitchen.

Along with consistently using the same size ladles and serving spoons, a commercial kitchen scale is good for weighing deli meats and cheeses into correct portion sizes. PC cups can hold set amounts of sauces like guacamole or salsa.

By controlling restaurant portions, you not only keep your food cost in line, you also ensure that customers will receive consistency when they order their favorite meal.


One of the biggest issues that restaurants encounter is problems around food cost. There are many possible situations that can cause food cost to rise. Some are external factors, like the general cost of buying ingredients. Others may be internal, such as waste in the restaurant kitchen or employee theft. Shrinking profits may be a sign that your food cost is out of line. Below are eight possible problems that can cause food cost to rise and suggestions for ways to cope with increased food cost at your restaurant.

Not Mixing Low and High Cost Ingredients on the Menu

In order to keep your menu profitable, you must maintain a balance of traditionally low cost foods such as pasta or potatoes with higher food cost items like seafood or prime cuts of beef. Remember, your food cost should be around 30-35%. This means that if you pay $1.00 for something, you need to charge minimum of $3.34. It may seem like you are charging a lot more than necessary, but keep in mind that you aren't just paying for the food itself. You are paying someone to prepare the food, serve the food, and clean up after the food. Everything in your restaurant, from payroll to the electric bill needs to be covered by the food you serve. Read more about how to price your menu.

Employee Theft

As unpleasant as it is to think about, you must be aware that employee theft does happen. Having a system in place to track food from the time it is delivered to your restaurant from the supplier to the time it is sold to the customer, can deter employers from helping themselves to goods in the walk-in or freezer. Making sure that the front of the house gust checks reconcile with the kitchen tallies (easy if you have a POS system) will help curb staff from eating the profits. Offering staff a low food cost “freebies” menu during their shift is another way to deter them from eating higher food cost items. Read more about how to prevent employee theft.

Not Using Consistent Portion Control

One of the reasons that franchise chain restaurants are so successful is because they have menu portions under control. Whether you go into an Applebee’s in New York or in Montana, you’ll be served the same food in the same portion sizes. Customers like that predictability. And by streamlining their portion sizes, chain restaurants ensure healthy profit margins. Even if you own a small, independent restaurant, portion control is still an important factor in keeping your business profitable. Portions are controlled with the correct sized serving utensils, calibrated food scales and consistent storage sizes.

Wasting Food

Waste not, want not. Utilizing as much food as possible can increase your profits and decrease food cost. Beef trimmings from tenderloin can be repurposed into satay beef tips, which can then be sold as a moderate entrée special. Chicken bones, vegetable scraps, which might have been thrown out, can make a delicious stock. A well trained chef will know how to use all parts of an ingredient with minimal waste.

Buying Food for Home

As the owner of a restaurant, you may be tempted to skip the grocery store all together and just use the food in the restaurant kitchen; after all, you get a better discount from your suppliers than the grocery chain. But remember, if you buy a bag of chicken breasts and don’t use them within your restaurant, it will skew your food costs and profits. Especially if you do it on a regular basis. If you want to take advantage of bulk pricing, be sure to note the food is for personal use, and pay it back.

Poor Staff Education

If you have a cook who is consistently burning food or otherwise wasting it, that is going to affect your bottom line. The same is true of an employee who isn’t practicing portion control, or rotating food according to FIFO. These are all scenarios that can be remedied with proper training. Read more about hiring for your restaurant kitchen.

Poor Bookkeeping

Food suppliers have been known to make mistakes on invoices - charging double, not reflecting payments made, not delivering food that is listed on the invoice. Have someone you trust checking in the weekly food orders to ensure it is all accounted for and matches the invoice. Keep copies of all you invoices and payments in case there are any disputes with your food supplier.

Using Only One Food Vendor

Don’t be afraid to shop around. Even if you prefer one food vendor over another, it doesn’t hurt to check prices and ask food vendors for a match. If you don’t ask you won’t get it.

 Pricing - do it right, and right from the start for the best business success. Estimate the actual cost of a menu item, from your distributor all the way to the diner. Include delivery fees, cooking costs and employee wages in addition to the wholesale cost of the ingredients. To estimate the actual cost, consider:

    Price per raw item - divide the total cost of a lot (delivery included) by the number of unprepared items.
    Prep time and approximate cost - estimate the time it takes your prep team to get the item ready to cook or serve. How much are you paying in wages for prep?
    Cook time and approximate cost - estimate the time it takes to cook the item. How much are you paying in wages for cooking this item? If you want to be really particular, estimate your energy usage cost for cooking, as well.
    Clean up (general) - A small percentage of your clean up costs should be factored into your base price.

Adding these factors up will give you the base cost of your item or dish. Going through this process for every item on your menu can be time consuming, but helps you to set reasonable, profitable price points for each offering. A shortcut would be to research other restaurants with similar offerings in your area, and then experiment with prices around this range.
Setting Your Price Point

If you're just starting out, a good general rule is to take your base cost per dish and double it to reach a ballpark menu price. From this baseline, you can adjust your prices to more closely match those of your nearest competitors. You'll quickly find that many 'indulgence' items (coffee, desserts, wine, spirits, cocktails, etc.) are still incredibly cheap by modern standards, even with a 100% markup. Think about pushing the envelope with the prices of these items. A 300% markup is not uncommon for normal restaurant dishes. For indulgence items, consider a 500% markup.
The Price Barrier

The term price barrier means the cost above which most middle income diners will not buy. Currently the price barrier in the United States is about $20.00. Unless you cater to an upscale clientele, keep this number in mind as an upper limit for the price of a single dish.
How Do Prices Affect My Restaurant Image?

The prices you choose for your menu can say something about the type of restaurant you run and the demographic you hope to attract. Upscale, classy establishments often round their prices to the nearest dollar, knowing that their patrons are looking for a luxurious dining experience. Family restaurants and those that cater to middle-income diners may set prices just below the nearest whole dollar, such as $4.99 or $4.95. It's basic psychology, but it works - people see a '4' instead of a '5' and think 'more affordable'.
Where Do Prices Go On My Menu?

There are many different ways to display pricing, and what works for one restaurant may not work for another, unfortunately. A 'price column' (where you list all your dishes and the prices next to them in a large block) may be great for a quick-service eatery that attracts cost-conscious diners, as it allows all the prices to be quickly scanned. However, it almost forces your customer to directly consider the price of their meal. If you sell items for $10 and above, it may help to de-emphasize prices by listing them at the end of a menu description, like this Hawaiian menu. Removing the dollar symbol from your prices may also help increase sales.
Consider Your Demographic

Are you a restaurant for every day middle class diners, a fancy option for those looking to indulge, or a small establishment serving a primarily low-income group? Along with your base cost, your clientele will help you determine a proper price point.
What If A Dish Isn't Selling?

If the dish is perishable, lower your price point. It's better to get some return on an item than to have to toss it because it's gone south and get nothing at all. Other options include shifting the dish to a 'high traffic' area of your menu, such as the center or upper right corner. You can also run special promos such as a 'Buy 1, get the second 1/2 off', which can be distributed through local newspapers, your email list, or through Facebook or Twitter. 


Of all the business decisions a restaurateur has to make in the startup phase of the restaurant, the one that causes considerable anxiety is pricing the menu. At first blush, it seems like a numbers game. Simply fire up the business calculator or spreadsheet program and determine what you need to gross in order to reap a reasonable return on the business after all costs are figured. If pricing were only that simple.

In fact, the pricing process is more of an “art” than a “science.” That does not mean that you should price your menu simply by intuition. Just because something is an art does not mean that it is not a discipline. The point is you need to understand how your guests perceive your operation. The psychology of your customer is a significant factor. This requires observation and asking questions. Consider your last visit to a flea market, antique mall, or garage sale as either a buyer or seller. You dealt with the uncertainty of pricing when you were deciding how much to charge or what you thought was an acceptable price that would motivate you to buy. At the end of the day, pricing is all about what someone else is willing to pay for your product or service. If you have ever sold a home or car, you probably found that what you thought you should receive and what you ended up taking were not the same. While most folks form an opinion of the value of an item based on experience and research, in many cases the right price is a matter of perception. You need to be aware of how customers perceive your prices, and ways that you can influence their perception.

But I Need to Cover My Costs!

It has been said that it is the buyer, not the seller, who ultimately determines the price. Customers don’t care about your costs, and what margin you need to stay in business. Sure, you want to keep your costs as low as practical so that you can reap as great a return as possible. And clearly, as we will discuss, you need to know your costs. That said, banish from your vocabulary the term “cost-plus” pricing (i.e., setting all your prices based on a fixed “target” margin over your costs). It does not apply in this business.

When I gave a talk several years ago at the New York Hotel and Restaurant Show, I began with several anecdotal comments regarding what I considered extremely high menu prices for food and drink in Manhattan and at the convention center. After I finished my presentation, one of the restaurant owners in the audience came up to admonish me for being so outspoken about their prices. He said that they have higher overhead and, as a result, must charge accordingly. “Operators in the Big Apple have to cover costs and make a profit, or it wouldn’t be worth the risk, investment and mental anguish of owning a restaurant,” he said.

I agreed with that statement, but added that prices must be competitive and reasonable, too. If customers do not feel that they are getting sufficient value for their money, regardless of price, they will likely not return to make another purchase. Where to start? You need to create a pricing “continuum,” in other words, a price spectrum, which is defined at one end by the lowest price you can charge and still make a reasonable profit and the other end, by the highest price the market will bear. Use this model for every pricing decision, since it will help define your price range. It is easier said than done, but at least will force you to take a methodical approach to pricing. More importantly, because pricing involves a measure of subjectivity, there is great value in determining your absolute boundaries.

So How Low Can You Go?

Determining the lower end of the pricing continuum requires careful consideration of all costs involved in bringing that item to the table, including the costs involved in preparing and presenting an item, or bringing customers in the door, for that matter. As we said, you cannot base your pricing solely on cost; however, you better know your actual costs before embarking on your pricing journey.

Let’s review your cost centers. Your direct costs are the ingredient used in each item. It is vital to know the food cost of each item, and to manage those costs with as much certainty as possible. This includes accurate portioning and weighing of ingredients.

While the labor to prepare an item is a significant menu cost, many restaurants treat it as an indirect cost. The time and motion studies to determine the exact labor that goes into each item are more involved than most restaurateurs are willing to wade through. Still, try to bear in mind the time and labor involved in producing a particular made-from-scratch specialty versus pre-made items that require minimal preparation. Common sense tells you that such “convenience” items do not require as high a markup as others requiring processing and handling, to be profitable.

Indirect costs are those that cannot be assigned to specific menu items but often involve aspects of your business that customers perceive as “value-added,” and are weighted in their decision to choose your restaurant over a competitor. These include overhead, such as costs related to providing customer service and ambience, and certain amenities, such as a fancy restroom or crayons for kids. You would not allocate these overhead items to your menu pricing, but you would monitor them carefully to ensure that they are in proper proportion to your gross sales. (See “How to Evaluate Your Prime Cost,” at the bottom.)

And though indirect costs are not typically allocated to specific menu items in a restaurant, they can be recouped indirectly, if they create added value that can justify higher prices. For example, if your marketing efforts (which are overhead) have helped positioned your restaurant as the most interesting and desirable place of its type in the market, you can price more aggressively than if you were just considered a ho-hum “follower.” The atmosphere and decor of a restaurant adds much to the enjoyment of any meal. The perception of value is enhanced when the restaurant is beautifully and tastefully decorated. The service commitment can be the element that makes your restaurant “competitively distinctive” from your competition. This intangible is recognized as an added value by the customer and can be reflected in the prices charged.

For example, if your operation is considered the top steakhouse or Italian restaurant in your market, you will be able to charge more than the “customary” menu prices. Similarly, if your service is head and shoulders better than most of your competition, you can charge a little more than the average operation.

In other words, there are certain things that you do better than most that give you a competitive edge over your competition and you can charge a little more than your competition. Examples of other indirect cost factors that could allow you to adjust prices upward (the absence of these items would work the opposite in the pricing decision). These include ambience, location, amenities, product presentation, customer demographics, and specialty menu items. There are further adjustments that one would make to fine-tune menu prices that involve your desired check averages and the high and low price points of your various menu item categories.

The High Side

At the other end of the spectrum, you need to study your market and customer before pricing at the higher end of the pricing continuum. The tough question, and the one that can only be answered using judgment and observation, is whether you should price an item on the high or low side of the continuum. Again, apply common sense. Your gut will not always be right, but it will never intentionally mislead you, and more often than not, it will tell you if an item’s price is too high. If you would not pay that price for the item, most likely your customers would feel the same way. But realize that pricing menu items can rarely be completely objective. In addition, avoid the temptation to under-price a menu item. In a business in which success and failure is often measured in pennies, under-pricing can be as much of a dilemma as overpricing. You don’t want to leave money on the table, anymore than you want customers grousing about your pricing, and eschewing your business for a competitor that is perceived a better value.

And it’s another reason why basing your pricing on cost alone can be problematic. Take this very simple illustration. Consider a cup of beef bouillon as an example. The food cost of a 5-ounce cup would be about 10 cents. If it were priced to achieve a 40 percent food cost (a markup of 2.5 times its raw food cost) it would be under-priced at 25 cents. Since this item is usually served in white-tablecloth operations, the “customary price point” could be $3.95 and it would not be considered overpriced by patrons. In fact, one technique for boosting the profitability of your menu is to offer low-cost, but popular items. The margins can be extraordinary, and boost the profitability of the house significantly.

Again, you need to look at each item separately, and determine which price seems reasonable. Applying a single markup method or marking up each item to return the same profit will result in items being overpriced and under-priced over what the customers see as “customary” in the market. If, for example, your cost to produce a common menu item like a hamburger was twice the cost of other restaurants, your price could not be twice the price of your competition. Your cost is excessive and customers would not pay your price. You could only charge the “customary market price” for a hamburger unless you turned it into a “specialty” item. Markup is tempered by other factors besides food costs and desired profit.

More Advice on Picking the Right Point on the Pricing Continuum

While pricing is mostly art, sometimes you need to rely on a little science. For a minute, let’s play economist. (Economics is called the “dismal science,” so you may need to crease your forehead and frown a little at this point.) With the pricing continuum in mind, pricing can be either “market driven” or “demand driven.”

Market-driven pricing is just what it sounds like — the market determines the price. If you stray even a little above what the market is willing to pay, sales plummet. What items are driven by the market? If the menu item is a “commodity” in the economic sense, that is, it is available just about everywhere and quality differences are nominal, a definite price point exists in the market and in the mind of the customer. A quarter-pound hamburger might fall under this category. There is only so much anyone will pay for that burger. While you might try to “add value” to your hamburger (as we will discuss below) to make it a more demand-driven item, you need to really be honest with yourself whether your customers perceive your burger as any better of a product than the guy’s down the street. And for the most part, a lot of folks have a pretty set idea what they are willing to pay for a burger. Price it more than a few cents above that limit, and they will head down the street, unless it’s a pretty special burger, sold in a pretty special place.

Some other examples of commodity menu items would be your basic pepperoni pizza or barbecue ribs. If there is nothing special about the taste, preparation methods, or presentation, the price charged must fall close to prices of your competitors. This perspective on pricing is also used when introducing new menu items before any substantial demand has been established. Prices that are market-driven tend to be on the moderate to low side of the pricing continuum.

Demand-driven pricing is based on the notion that you have more “flexibility” in the price you can charge, based on demand for your product or service. As an example, consider the price of a ticket to a sold-out concert or sporting event. Scalpers sell tickets for double and triple their face value to those who really want to attend. The buyers will gladly pay the premium for the tickets. In the context of foodservice, airport and sports stadium concession food and beverage prices are more expensive than you would pay for the same items in restaurants near your home. Part of the reason is the high overhead of restaurant concession space and the fact that they have a captive clientele. But the other part of the equation is based on demand. Once you are in the airport or stadium, it is unlikely you’ll leave to get a meal. If you are hungry your demand for food is disproportionate to the supply. It’s simple economics.

How else do we shift demand? One of the objectives of advertising is to increase consumer demand for product and services. If you spend millions of dollars convincing the public that your can of carbonated water and syrup, which cost you pennies to produce, is really special, you can sell that can for 50 cents. In the context of a restaurant, a really special concept can have the same effect as advertising. Consider that pepperoni pizza sold in a nice but unremarkable family restaurant tucked away in a strip mall. Now consider the same pizza in a family restaurant with a huge arcade and a floor show with mechanical cartoon characters that delight young children. You can probably charge more for the same pizza, because of the demand created by the entertainment. (Remember what we said about recouping indirect costs?) In fact, like the advertiser, you will have to charge more for the same pizza, so cover the added costs. Your goal will be to charge enough and bring in enough traffic to make that concept profitable overall.

Think back to what we said about how your indirect costs influence your pricing. Again, in the context of a restaurant, demand-driven pricing can be used on menu items where the operation has a monopoly, as few competitors offer the “specialty” menu items, or, as illustrated above, concept. This is a short-term advantage in the restaurant business because no matter how special your food or service, competition will eventually cancel out the competitive advantage. But if you have an exciting concept or have been successful in creating a menu or ambience that is considered unique in your marketplace, your overall pricing can be demand-driven when you have long waiting lines to get a table in your operation. You can be aggressive in your pricing and be on the high side of pricing continuum. However, if you charge the highest price you think your clientele will pay, expect your customers to be more critical of food quality and service. In addition, you better be on the leading edge of new menu items, decor, service and food quality; your customers are paying for it. The aspect of product presentation proclaims, “Sell the sizzle, not the steak.” Product presentation is very important in forming the value perception of the customer. A beautiful plate presentation, custom-designed china and glassware can really enhance the appearance of the food and drink served and a higher price can sometimes be charged. These are just a few of the “subjective” factors that need to be considered in the pricing decision.

One thing to always keep in the back of your mind is that no restaurant will be able to sustain demand-driven pricing over the long run. Competition will eventually add your special items to its menus, or match your concept. If you are able to pack your house with a unique concept and menu, and charge a fortune for items, it will only be a matter of time before a competitor shows up to tap into your market. When you are the higher-priced restaurant, you need to constantly scan the horizon for competitors.

Also, keep in mind that you need to create parity between your pricing and your desired customer base. If your restaurant is near business offices and luxury condominiums, and the inhabitants of those buildings are your target customers, your prices can — and should — be higher than if you were in a suburban area and your customer base was middle-income families, for example.

The take-home message: You need to keep your eyes wide open, and be aware of your market and how it is changing. It is very difficult to recover from gross errors in pricing judgment. You cannot radically increase your pricing without chasing away customers. If you develop a reputation as being overpriced, that will be as hard to eradicate as a bad tattoo.

Psyche Out Your Customers

Psychological aspects of menu pricing reflect the attitudes and images in the minds of the customer. There are several psychological aspects of menu pricing: odd-cents pricing, mental accounting, reference pricing, and time-and-place factors.

Odd-cents pricing is a technique used in retail pricing of everything from clothing to cars and real estate. Prices are stated in amounts that end in a number nine or five. Psychologically, it will be seen as a lower price than if the price ended in a zero. For example, $9.95 is preferred to $10. Psychologically, it is rounded to $9 rather than $10. The element of low-price perception is an important pricing strategy. I recommend that you set your menu prices with digits ending in .25, .50, .75, and .95 or .29, .59, .79 and .99. When incremental increases move the item to the next highest price, e.g., $8.25 to $8.50, it is rarely detected by the customer. It’s a way to gain pennies without losing customers.

Another psychological aspect of pricing is related to the customer’s process of “mental accounting” when making a purchase. Customers will sort food purchases into budget categories of groceries, entertainment, or social expenditures. Each budget category is controlled to some degree by a spending restraint. Consequently, the amount spent on a meal purchased away from home will vary depending on whether the expenditure is debited to the grocery or entertainment expense categories.

Generally speaking, there is freer spending if the entertainment or social account is being debited. For example, eating out during the week instead of cooking at home takes money from the grocery budget, not the entertainment budget. The expenditure is influenced by price and convenience. They will spend considerably less than if they dined out on the weekend for social and recreational reasons. With this knowledge, we can more effectively price your menu items.

As operators, we must determine how the customers categorize our restaurants (e.g., eat-out or dine-out). For example, a meal at a fast-food restaurant is likely to be considered as a food or grocery expenditure. Subsequently, if your restaurant wanted to attract this customer during the week, nightly specials would need to be offered and priced accordingly. (Have you noticed that most fine-dining discounts are not honored on Friday’s and Saturday’s?)

If we follow the logic of the mental accounting theory, we can approach the pricing decision from the consumer’s perspective. The objective would be to have the expenditure classified into a higher budget category or combined with two or more categories. The budget category can change depending on the occasion, e.g., birthday or anniversary, and the day of the week. Such considerations may prompt promotions such as early bird specials and discount coupons to entice weeknight customers on grocery budgets to eat out instead of home.

Most customers do some kind of price comparison when they shop for shoes and clothing. It is not surprising that they do the same when eating at restaurants. When a competitor opens in our market we will check them out by comparing their prices with ours. Customers do the same thing. If the prices of the new restaurant are lower than those in our “reference” restaurant, we perceive a good price-value. However, if they are higher than the reference price, the price-value is diminished. The more one pays, the more critical they will be of the food and service provided. If you charge at the high end of the market for comparable food and service, expect customers to be more critical of even the little things.

The last psychological aspect of menu pricing has to do with where and when you make your purchase. It is called time and place. I think it is best explained in the context of your price tolerance for a hamburger and a Coke® at a sports stadium versus the price you would pay at your neighborhood restaurant. Another example is your price tolerance when on vacation versus eating out on a weeknight at home. Restaurants that cater to a tourist market should bear this in mind. Folks on vacation expect to pay a little extra for food.

Such knowledge is needed to effectively determine which items to offer and how they should be priced to appeal to your customers.

Some Questions to Consider When Pricing Your Startup Menu

The following is a checklist of questions you should consider when pricing a menu item. Your answer will influence whether you are pricing toward the high or low end of the pricing continuum.

Many of the questions are subjective rather than objective but just the same, will affect the price you can charge on your menu. Customers will come in with “reference” prices that they expect to pay for certain items and will not think twice about paying $1.50 for a glass of iced tea that has a cost of about a nickel, and complain if they feel that the price you are charging for chicken tenders or a hamburger is perceived as too high. If the item is on your appetizer menu, you might have more pricing latitude than if the same item is served as an entrée. For example, consider a shrimp cocktail with six shrimp for $5.95. Would you purchase the same dish as an entrée for the same amount?

Each menu item will be marked up individually and produce a range of food cost percentage from single digits to the high 40s. Remember, it is the sales mix of all the menu items that produces the food cost that shows up on your monthly income statement.

·         What kind of menu item is it? (e.g., appetizer, entrée, dessert, side dish)

·         What is the direct labor involved in its preparation? Does it require skilled preparation or just simple heating and plating?

·        What is the portion size?

·         Is it a seasonal item with limited availability?

·         What are competitors charging for similar menu items?

·         Is it is “commodity” or a “specialty” item on your menu?

·         What is the desired food cost percentage?

·         Is it a demand-driven or market-driven menu item?

·         What kind of restaurant are you? (e.g., fast-food, fast-casual, limited-service, fine-dining)

·         What meal period are we pricing it for? (e.g., breakfast, lunch, dinner)

·         Where is the restaurant? (e.g., center city, suburban, office building, resort area)

·         What are the accompaniments served with it?

·         Who is your target market or clientele? (e.g., local residents, tourists, business people, shoppers)

·         What is the perish ability of the product and its cost? (e.g., live lobster, fresh seafood)

·         What is the service delivery method in the restaurant? (e.g., table service, self-service, drive-thru)

·         What is the check average you seek?

·         What are the prices of other menu items in the same menu category and the spread among items in other categories?

·         What are the prices of complimentary and competing items of the menu?

·         What is the ambience of the restaurant?

·         What is the plate presentation for the menu item?

·         Is there live entertainment or music in the restaurant?

·         What is the status of the restaurant in the market? Is it one of the top restaurants in the market?

Clearly, your customer does not weigh each of these individual factors when sitting down at your table to order. But he does consider them intuitively. Remember that Americans are expert consumers. They know a deal when they find it. Pay attention to the psychology of your customers when selecting menu prices and you will increase your chances of being on the money. 


 One thing I’ll never forgive formal culinary schools for, is teaching new impressionable would-be chefs to use a budgeted cost percentage to price food menus. Chain restaurants share an equal responsibility for perpetuating this bad practice by focusing their managers on food cost percentages without letting them in on the secret that the cost percentage is a management tool, not a pricing tool.

Though most culinary programs teach many different methods for pricing food, every culinary student seems to emerge from the Culinary Institute of America or Le Cordon Bleu believing in the world of restaurants, all they have to do to be profitable is serve great food and deliver a 33% food cost, or is it 25%, or 35% or 30% or 19%? The truth is, hitting a budgeted food cost does nothing to guarantee there will be enough money left over from the sale to pay for things like labor, rent, insurance, linens, smallwares, uniforms, utilities, taxes, etc, etc, etc. Hitting that cost percentage really means nothing. Further, not hitting it only means, “I should give things a closer look.” It doesn’t mean there is a problem. On the contrary, a high food cost could mean you’ve been selling a lot of high cost items that contribute more gross profit per sale. Are you going to make more money selling 50 hamburgers priced at $6 that cost $1.50, or 50 lobsters priced at $30 that cost $15? As long as there isn’t a significant increase in the overhead of serving the lobster, gross profit dollars win every time. You don’t want to sell the item with the 25% cost and $4.50 gross profit, you want to sell the item with the 50% cost and the $15 gross profit. Rather than comparing the food costs, you should be comparing the gross profits from each item. Obviously, if you have $15 left over from the sale after paying for food (gross profit) compared to $4.50, you’re going to have a lot more money to pay your overhead and turn a profit.


iMenuPro - Restaurant Menu Maker


If you want to create prices in your restaurant that guarantee you’ll have enough dollars left over after paying for food, you’ll need to make three important considerations:

    Market price point - What does your market consider a fair price for the food you are preparing, served in the atmosphere you offer?
    Menu item cost - I know I said you shouldn’t use cost percentages. That doesn’t mean you don’t include the cost of the food into the price. You need to keep up-to-date recipe dollar costs for every item on your menu, and use those costs to figure into your pricing.
    Needed gross profit - What does every person who walks through your door cost you to serve? You have a lot more costs to cover than just food. That’s just a fraction of the picture. You must consider every expense of running your business when pricing menu items, including the profit you need to make.

I guess now the question is, “How do I price by gross profit?”.

I’m glad you asked.

Market Price Point

You can’t throw prices out there, whether based on cost percentages or gross profit, without considering what your market is already paying for those products elsewhere. Just like your potential customers, you must consider what other operations are charging for the same type of food, or even the same dishes, that you are offering. If you are going to charge more for the same dish than your competitor down the street, you have to be able to justify your price with added value. Added value could be larger portions, more exotic ingredients, better atmosphere, better location, live entertainment or something else. It could also be the promise and delivery of a unique selling point that your competition doesn’t have.

Whatever your prices, they must offer value to your customers. If your customers don’t feel your food is worth what you’re charging, you won’t have enough of them to make money no matter your pricing method.

Menu Item Cost

How much does each menu item cost you to make? Ingredient costs go up all the time. When is the last time you updated your menu item costs? Without knowing exactly what a menu item costs you to make, and how many dollars you need to add on to the price to pay for the ingredients, you can’t possibly come up with prices you KNOW are going to make you money.

The easiest way to track recipe costs (menu item costs) in my opinion is with Microsoft Excel spreadsheets. While there are many commercial food costing and inventory programs out there that will help you cost out your items, many use costing formulas based on valuation methods I don’t endorse, or require too much input to keep prices up-to-date. Some do have the capability of linking directly to broadline vendor’s invoicing systems to update prices automatically, but most smaller vendors don’t have this capabibility and you’re still left doing a lot of extra manual input. For my money, there is nothing simpler, less time consuming and easier to use than Excel spreadsheets. That doesn’t mean you shouldn’t use other inventory and costing tools. Any effort you make toward calculating recipe costs and inventory is going to pay off. Even the more expensive softwares will make you money in the end.

Don’t make the mistake of getting lazy with your recipe cost tracking. Many operators only price out menu items when they’re making a menu change (which are normally too few are far between). Between changes, they don’t see how the cost of ingredients is impacting certain menu items, and without that information they don’t have the urgency to make the necessary pricing changes needed when they are needed.

Needed Gross Profit

This is the most important consideration in setting menu prices. You must know what your guests cost you to serve. Without knowing what they cost you to serve, you can’t know how much money you need from each of them to pay all your bills and make a profit.

Look at your financial picture this way. Your food costs make up anywhere from 20-35% of your financial picture in most restaurants. Depending on your labor costs, your food cost could be the largest expense of running your business, and it needs consideration when forming menu prices. BUT…… What about the other 65-80% of your financial picture? It’s not all profit. Most of that picture is expenses other than food cost, and if you’re lucky a little profit left over. Doesn’t it go to reason that you have to include those costs in your pricing? Of course it does. Without knowing those costs are covered, you can’t know you’ll make money.

Before you can know how to add gross profit into a menu price, you have to know how to calculate it. Here are some explanations to try and illustrate how to calculate a needed gross profit per person. The needed gross profit per person is what you add to your recipe cost to arrive at a menu price. Unlike the menu price, the needed gross profit per person is a fluid number. Since it is important to keep menu items within the price point of your market, you will likely have to increase the gross profit you add to some items, while decreasing it on other items. It’s only important that the end result gives you an average gross profit per person that delivers enough gross profit to pay the bills.

You can start to calculate your needed gross profit by looking at your financials and customer count records. It’s best to use financials from months where you achieved as many of your financial goals as possible to establish your needed gross profit numbers. You can use an average of all months by using a year-end profit and loss statement. From your P&L, you need to find how much all your operating expenses for the year were without including product costs. This is your overhead. To this, you’ll add the ideal profit you should have made during that time period.

Total expenses for year - product costs + ideal profit = Total needed gross profit

Once you know how much gross profit you would have needed to collect during the last year to make the profit you should have made, you have the beginnings of your pricing method. Before we go any further, you need to take into consideration any inflation or cost increases you can assume for the following year. Operating costs will always go up, and you need to price for those cost increases. If you’re smart, you’ll re-price your menu every 3-4 months to make sure those costs are covered, but that is another article. To be on the safe side, I add a 5% cost increase into the total needed gross profit to come up with a target for the next year. With the ever increasing cost of gas, you could either add in a higher buffer, or do what I suggest and evaluate your pricing every 3 to 4 months. It’s much better to do regular, small increases to some menu items than annual large increases to all of them.

Total need gross profit x cost plus increase (105%) = Total needed gross profit (adjusted for next year)

Now that you have your new needed gross profit, it is very easy to figure out how much of it you’ll need to collect from each person to cover all your expenses. That is, assuming you track how many people come into your restaurant. If you don’t, you need to start doing it now, and you’ll need to estimate how many covers you did for the previous year. Estimate low to be on the safe side.

To find out how much you need to collect from each person, simply divide your total neeeded gross profit for the upcoming year by your total customer count for the last year.

Total needed customer count ÷ previous year customer count = Needed gross profit per customer

This number is simply the amount of gross profit you would have had to collect from each of last year’s customers to achieve your financial goals for the upcoming year. What this gives you, is a target gross profit to collect from every person this year to achieve profit. That profit will be achieved if you can meet or exceed your customer counts from the year before, or you can exceed the gross profit average per customer.

Gross profit per customer  x customers per year = Actual gross profit

If you can exceed your total needed gross profit per year with your actual gross profit, and you do a good job of controlling your expenses, you will exceed the profit you budgeted for.

Remember in all this that your budgeted food cost percentage hasn’t entered into the equation once. You are adding the actual cost of your menu items to the needed gross profit per customer to come up with a selling price. That’s all it takes.

There are a few other things to consider though. Your needed gross profit per customer is collected from a few different sources. You don’t have to mark up every menu item by your needed gross profit. Your needed gross profit per customer is collected by combining gross profits from everything a customer buys. The markup on entrees, appetizers, desserts, soft beverages, alcohol and merchandise all contribute to gross profit. If you need $7 in markup from 30,000 customers per year to make your total needed gross profit, you have many different avenues to get it from and don’t have to mark up every menu item by $7.

Another factor that majorly affects these averages is your customer count.

If you’ve determined that you need $7 gross profit from each of 30,000 customers that walks through your door to reach your total needed gross profit, then you can also reach that number ($210,000) by serving more customers at a lower gross profit markup. If you could double your covers to 60,000, you could theoretically collect $3.50 in markup from each to collect the same total gross profit. Whenever considering cover changes however, you must also consider how serving more people will change your overhead. If you serve twice as many people, some of your expenses will also increase. They WILL NOT however, increase exponentially. Additional customers are always cheaper to serve than your primary customers, as they are the ones you are covering your fixed costs with. Add your additional expenses to your year end numbers and start over calculating your needed gross profit.

 

I hope I’ve laid out this method in a way that you can understand it. While it isn’t complicated, it does go against the principles being taught in classrooms and kitchens all over the country. If you have followed along well though, you can see how this pricing method takes into consideration every cost of doing business, and leaves no guessing as to what you need to do to make money. This method of more effective planning could do a world of good for your profitability.

Empirical research on menu design and price presentation has focused primarily on menus’ effects on consumers’ attitudes, and not necessarily on actual purchase behavior. This study examines how customers reacted to menus’ price formatting in terms of actual sales, as measured by check totals for lunch at St. Andrew’s, the restaurant at the Culinary Institute of America, in Hyde Park, New York. Price formats tested in the study were a dollars and cents numerical format with a dollar sign ($00.00), a numerical format without a dollar sign (00.), and scripted or written-out prices (zero dollars). While the numerical manipulation did not significantly affect total spending when compared to such non-menu factors as party size or length of time at the table, the price formats did show noticeable differences. Contrary to expectations, guests given the numeral-only menu spent significantly more than those who received a menu with prices showing a dollar sign or those whose menus had prices written out in words. Psychological theory, by contrast, predicted that the scripted format would draw higher sales. Although these findings may apply only to lunch at this particular restaurant, they indicate that menu-price formats do influence customers’ spending, both in terms of total check and spending per cover.

Menu Pricing; A How to Guide

By James R. Covart

“Back in the old days” menu pricing was simple: you divided the cost of the ingredients by .33 and presto, you had your selling price.

Times have changed and menu pricing can no longer be calculated using food cost alone. Numerous restaurants with low food cost percentages have gone out of business because the owners never considered their other expenses. There are no “guaranteed” ways to price your menu and assure profits, but there are formulas and strategies that you can use that will assist you.

The method discussed here, takes into consideration not only your cost of food, but also your other variable and fixed expenses.
Quick Review

The more comfortable and knowledgeable you are with the makeup of your business’ sales and expense figures, the easier it will be to develop a menu pricing strategy and calculate your prices.

Let’s review a few definitions and terms associated with a typical income statement:
Income Statement

Year Ending 20__

 
	

Revenue (Sales)
	

 
	

 
	

 

1
	

 
	

Food Sales
	

$1,000,000
	

74.07%
	

From POS System

2
	

 
	

Beverage. Sales
	

$300,000
	

22.22%
	

From POS System

3
	

 
	

Other Sales
	

$50,000
	

3.70%
	

From POS System

4
	

 
	

    Total Revenue (Sales)
	

$1,350,000
	

100.00%
	

Total of lines 1 - 3

 
	

Cost of Goods
	

 
	

 
	

 

5
	

 
	

Food Cost
	

$330,000
	

33.00%
	

From Invoices

6
	

 
	

Beverage. Cost
	

$75,000
	

25.00%
	

From Invoices

7
	

 
	

Other Costs
	

$25,000
	

50.00%
	

From Invoices

8
	

 
	

    Total Cost of Goods
	

$430,000
	

31.85%
	

Total of lines 5 - 8

 
	

Gross Profit
	

 
	

 
	

 

9
	

 
	

Food
	

$670,000
	

67.00%
	

Subtract line 5 from line 1

10
	

 
	

Beverage
	

$225,000
	

75.00%
	

Subtract line 6 from line 2

11
	

 
	

Other
	

$25,000
	

50.00%
	

Subtract line 7 from line 3

12
	

 
	

    Total Gross Profit
	

$920,000
	

68.15%
	

Subtract line 8 from line 4

 
	

Operating Expenses (Costs)
	

 
	

 
	

 

13
	

 
	

Salaries & Wages
	

$364,500
	

27.00%
	

From Payroll

14
	

 
	

Employee Benefits
	

$80,190
	

5.94%
	

From Invoices

15
	

 
	

Occupancy Cost
	

$180,000
	

13.33%
	

From Invoices

16
	

 
	

Music & Entertainment
	

$20,000
	

1.48%
	

From Invoices

17
	

 
	

Advertising & Marketing
	

$25,000
	

1.85%
	

From Invoices

18
	

 
	

Utilities
	

$50,000
	

3.70%
	

From Invoices

19
	

 
	

Depreciation
	

$25,000
	

1.85%
	

From Invoices

20
	

 
	

General & Administrative
	

$12,000
	

0.89%
	

From Invoices

21
	

 
	

Repairs & Maintenance
	

$25,000
	

1.85%
	

From Invoices

22
	

 
	

Other expenses
	

$10,000
	

0.74%
	

From Invoices

23
	

 
	

    Total Operating Expense
	

$791,690
	

58.64%
	

Total of lined 13 – 22

 
	

Profit from Operations
	

$128,310
	

9.50%
	

Subtract line 23 from line 12

 

    Income Statement  Shows your sales, cost of goods, gross profit, expenses and profit for a given period of time.

    Revenue (also known as Sales)  Money earned from sale of food, beverages and other merchandise.

    Cost of Goods Sold  The price paid for the food, beverages and other merchandise.

    Gross Profit  The difference between the revenue received from your sales and the cost paid for the products sold.

    Expenses  The cost of products or services used in operating a business.

    Variable Expenses  These are the costs that change based on the number of guests that visit your operation or the amount of your sales.

    Fixed Expenses  These are the costs that do NOT change based on the number of guests or the amount of sales.

    Occupancy Cost  Costs associated with the actual occupation of your physical structure, including rent, real estate taxes, interest on mortgage, and depreciation of a purchased building or structure.

    Operating Expenses  Expenses incurred in running your business. Does NOT include your cost of goods. Lines 13 through 23 represent examples of operating expenses.

    Operating Income  Total Gross Profit minus the Total Operating Expense. This is your income or revenue before interest and income tax, and before paying any return or dividend to investors.

 
Developing a Pricing Strategy

You need to start with a few basic pieces of information. Foremost, you need to know the cost of goods for each of your menu items. Standardized recipes as the best means of knowing your food cost. If you have standardized recipes, you will have all your food costs available already. If your standardized recipe file is not up to date with your current product costs, you will need to update your recipes. Don’t forget to include all of the items that are served with the menu item. These might include bread and butter, side dishes, condiments and a salad. Keep in mind that it is better to over estimate your costs rather than under estimate them.

Many operations have computerized their inventory and linked them with their recipes to provide up to date cost information. If you have not done this, consider it. There are several good commercially available software products on the market, which, after the initial setup, make this task a breeze

You will need to do an analysis of your sales and the current selling price of each menu item. Your POS system should be able to provide this easily.

A simple income statement, like the one shown in this article will provide you with the rest of the numbers you will need.
Doing the Math

You can do the math by hand or on a computer spread sheet such as Excel or Lotus 123 to make it easier.

Step 1:  From your income statement, make a list of your Fixed Expenses and your Variable Expenses.  This usually requires some “estimation.”  An expense item frequently fall into both categories:

Operating Expenses
	

Total Exp.
	

Variable
	

%
	

Fixed
	

%

 
	

Salaries & Wages
	


Employee Benefits & Taxes
	
Occupancy Cost

 
$50,000
	

$10,000
	

20.00%
	

$40,000
	

80.00%

 
	

Depreciation
	

$25,000
	

 
	

0.00%
	

$25,000
	

100.00%

 
	

General & Administrative
	

$12,000
	

$2,000
	

16.67%
	

$10,000
	

83.33%

 
	

Repairs & Maintenance
	

$25,000
	

$10,000
	

40.00%
	

$15,000
	

60.00%

 
	

Total Expenses
	

$781,690
	

$272,00
	

34.80%
	

$509,690
	

65.20%

 
	

Example
	

Formula
	

 
	

 

Variable Expense %
	

35%
	

For every dollar in revenue, this percentage goes to variable expenses.

Fixed Expense %
	

65%
	

For every dollar in revenue, this percentage goes to fixed expenses and PROFIT

Step 2:  Create a chart or spreadsheet similar to the one below.  Begin the process by listing your menu items in column A.  In column C, fill in your actual cost of the menu item from your recipe files.  Columns D, E and F are formulas.  Column D is calculated by dividing your item (recipe) cost by the selling price.  Variable Expenses, column E, is calculated by multiplying the selling price (column B) by the variable expense percentage calculated in Step 1.  You calculate the Contribution to Fixed Expenses and Profit (column F) by first adding together your item cost (column C) and your variable cost (column E) and then subtracting these costs from (column B) the selling price.

Step 3:  Now you are ready to play “what if?” with our menu prices.  Start by entering your current menu prices in column B.  Take a look at the results.  Column D shows the Food Cost Percentage of the item.  Column E represents the amount that is needed to pay for all of the other variable expenses.  The last column, F, shows the amount the menu price left to put towards your fixed expenses and profit.

A
	

B
	

C
	

D
	

E
	

F

Menu Item Name
	

Selling Price
	

Item Cost
	

Food Cost %
	

Variable Expenses
	

Contribution to Fixed Expenses & Profit

 
	

Your Choice
	

From Recipe File
	

B/C
	

Variable Expenses % X B
	

B-(C+E)

Pub Burger
	

$6.95
	

$1.47
	

21.15%
	

$2.43
	

$3.05

Taco Salad
	

$7.50
	

$1.95
	

26.00%
	

$2.63
	

$2.93

Grilled Salmon
	

$10.95
	

$2.85
	

26.03%
	

$3.83
	

$4.27

Chicken Sandwich
	

$7.95
	

$2.07
	

26.04%
	

$2.78
	

$3.10

Fajitas, Chicken
	

$9.95
	

$2.59
	

26.03%
	

$3.48
	

$3.88

Fajitas, Beef
	

$9.95
	

$2.59
	

26.03%
	

$3.48
	

$3.88

Fajitas, Vegetable
	

$9.95
	

$2.59
	

26.03%
	

$3.48
	

$3.88

Sirloin, 12 oz.
	

$16.95
	

$6.80
	

40.12%
	

$5.93
	

$4.22

By analyzing the effect of raising or lowering your selling price of items, you can get a pretty good idea of where your prices need to be.  Keep in mind, this may or may not be the amount that your guests are willing to pay. 

Ten years ago, changing your menu was a major undertaking for most operations cost a lot of money to do.  With today’s desktop publishing technology and some forethought you can update your menu quickly and easily with a trip to your neighborhood copy center.  You may even be able to do the job in-house. 

Consider choosing a menu format that allows flexibility.  A nice cover with a printed insert or a design that allows you to make changes by substituting single pages will allow you to change and “tweak” your menu pricing and items gradually.  Instead of making dramatic price changes once or twice a year, your menu can be adjusted to reflect your actual costs. You can make price adjustments subtly, take advantage of fluctuating commodity prices by featuring high profit items and turn your menu into a sales and profit making tool. 

Getting pricing strategy right may be the most challenging task for large restaurant organizations — wrong decisions can lead to costly trade-downs or lost traffic. Similarly, failing to take price where it’s available can leave millions of dollars of lost profit on the table.

The prevailing approach to pricing optimization in the industry is to use elasticity models, which recommend item-level prices by analyzing correlations between historical prices and sales. While this approach can generate interesting hypotheses, implementing recommendations from typical elasticity models without first validating them in the real world bears substantial risk. Based on our experience working with over 25 restaurant brands across four continents, we have identified the following five often overlooked facts about restaurant pricing.

RELATED
• Survey: 92% of restaurant chains to raise menu prices in 2014
• Chipotle to raise menu prices next year
• More opinions

Fact 1: You can’t understand the impact of changing prices without a test versus control analysis. If you haven’t analyzed price changes on a test versus control basis with a well-matched control group, it is impossible to understand the impact attributable to that price change. As you may have found, elasticity models are often inaccurate. Imagine that you dropped the price on gingerbread lattes in December: Sales of those items would skyrocket, and elasticity analysis would suggest that restaurants across the network should drop prices. However, in December, many of those units might sell anyway, so a price decrease would largely subsidize existing guest behavior. Seasonal biases aren’t the only issues at play, so year-over-year comps analysis won’t suffice here, either. Restaurants are impacted by competitors’ actions, economic trends, weather events and many other uncontrollable factors that don’t happen every year. In short, historical elasticity curves simply fail to reveal causal relationships that can inform future pricing decisions.

Fact 2: Cross-elasticity rules restaurant economics. Introducing a new value item might seem like a great idea if that item sells like crazy in an initial trial. If you test in enough restaurants, you might even be able to read a significant impact versus control, observing that the unit lift far exceeds margin rate compression, making the new item appear profitable overall. However, pricing analysis needs to account for inevitable mix-shift of other menu items. A new value item could drive incremental profits, but it could also cannibalize higher-margin items.

Fact 3: Price elasticity varies by store — a lot. Based on APT’s pricing work with dozens of restaurant concepts, we have observed that restaurant-by-restaurant price elasticity varies greatly based on restaurant characteristics (e.g. size), competitive density and demographic factors (e.g. median income and population density). Restaurants need to do the right analysis to identify which factors impact pricing for their concepts. Such analysis can often yield tens of millions of dollars in annual profits by correctly setting price tiers.

Fact 4: If you have a franchised concept, your franchisees are likely testing prices for you. Franchisees often make independent pricing decisions; as such, there is an opportunity to mine historical item-level data to create a test and control environment without actually designing a price test. However, the biased nature of these unplanned tests, or “natural experiments,” is an even greater case for scientifically constructed control groups, as opposed to balance-of-chain or balance-of-region approaches. For example, franchisees often increase price in their highest-traffic locations. Comparing these high-traffic locations to low-traffic locations will lead to inaccurate analysis.

Fact 5: Pricing analysis should not be outsourced. Why would you turn one of the most impactful levers of your business over to consultants with their own black box? Black box solutions may lead to the mistakes outlined above. Restaurants need to own their pricing analysis by doing it themselves with the right tools.

There are two ways restaurants can make more money: increase check size or increase the number of transactions. Changing prices is one of the most important levers restaurants can pull to impact both of these metrics. However, to correctly set menu prices, restaurants need to move beyond traditional elasticity analysis and determine how guests react to realized price changes through scientific test versus control analysis.

Jonathan Marek, senior vice president with APT, leads engagements with casual-dining and quick-service restaurants, as well as specialty retail, big box retail and banking clients. He has helped clients improve performance through better capital strategy, new concept development, emerging media strategy, media optimization, store labor planning and site selection.

Restaurant margins are tighter than ever, with food costs on the rise and operators reluctant to raise prices in a strapped economy. For many restaurant operators, a strategy to increase menu pricing while maintaining demand is as elusive as the holy grail. 
Making money in the restaurant business is getting harder. One key reason? The disparity between menu pricing and food cost is eating into restaurant margins. In December, Nations Restaurant News compared chains’ expectations for commodity inflation with projected menu price increases. The difference was unsettling: chains expecting commodity price increases of 3 to as high as 9% were planning price increases of no more than 1 to 3%.

In fact, restaurants have been fighting a losing battle with commodity inflation for more than two years. A 2011 Intellaprice survey of casual restaurant chains showed an average price increase of just 1.2%, and in 2010, the same segment dropped prices by 1.4% in a bid to recover sales lost to new recessionary consumer spending habits.

Commodity markets, meanwhile, have showed no such restraint.

For many independent operators and franchisees, the margin pressure has been too much. The survivors have compensated by tightening their belts and streamlining operations.

Clearly, a strategy for increasing menu pricing while maintaining demand is the holy grail for any restaurant company interested in improving results in this market.

To that end, we’ve compiled this short list of resources for restaurant menu pricing methods and best practices. Want to make more money? Dig in.

How to Win the Menu Pricing Game
In this guide to restaurant menu pricing by Dr. Dave Pavesic:

    Learn to use a pricing continuum to balance cost, demand, and profit and set the right price for every menu item.
    Understand the psychological factors that influence purchase decisions
    Find out 22 questions to ask before pricing your restaurant menu.


Eight rules to creating a menu for recession-stricken customers
Restaurant Central contributor Diane Chiasson offers up ideas for delivering the value your guests are hungry for—at a profit.

Menu Pricing: A How to Guide
Cost-plus pricing is out. But food cost and profit remain a critical factor in menu price-setting. In this Hospitality Services Group article, James R. Covart shares a methodology for price modeling.

Pricing & POS

When you start your pricing analysis, don’t neglect the rich data and tools in your point of sale software.

    Compare recipe costs, product margins, sales by item, and inventory usage to understand the real profitability of every item on your menu—and which ones are hurting your bottom line.
    Compare sales by employee to understand the impact on upselling and total ticket size when you increase an item price or introduce a new value meal or package deal.
    SpeedLine user? Use the Sales Mix tool to do some “what-if” price modeling before you make a change in real life. See exactly what the impact of a price change would be on a typical day’s sales.

When was the last time you raised prices?

    Restaurant Pricing Strategy
    The Pricing Strategy for Fast-Food Restaurants
    The Average Profit Margin for a Restaurant
    Pricing Strategies of Companies
    Pricing Vs. Nonpricing Strategies
    Pricing Strategies in Monopolies

Restaurants are doing well if they have a 5 percent profit margin, according to "Forbes" magazine. Because restaurants have a small profit margin, they need to implement effective food pricing strategies in order to stay in business. Researching fluctuations in food prices, the prices of competing restaurants and customer demand will help to set menu prices and dictate what type of profit can be expected.
Ads by Google
Sikkim Manipal University
Distance Education Programs from Students' Most Preferred University
smude.edu.in​/​Admissions_Open
Cost-Plus Pricing

Restaurants should use cost-plus pricing to guarantee a profit. Cost-plus pricing includes all the overhead costs that occur when running a restaurant, including rent, wages for waitstaff and cooks, and gas and electricity to power the kitchen and dining room. Next the profit margin needs to be considered. The owner needs to earn a profit in order to make the business worthwhile to keep open. This profit includes wages for the owner, as well as the ability to conduct repairs on the restaurant and expand the restaurant, if necessary. Add the desired profit percentage to the overhead costs percentage. This percentage should be added onto the cost of any food item, leading to prices that pay for food and overhead costs, and result in a profit.
Market Fluctuations

Food prices fluctuate often due to natural disasters or poor growing seasons. Restaurants, though, generally have stable prices on their menus. This means that sometimes the dish will earn more profit, based on food expenses. When setting menu prices, the restaurant owner should ensure that soaring food prices will not cause the restaurant to lose enough money to go out of business. Instead the menu price should be set higher to allow for a price cushion.

Related Reading: Examples of High and Low Pricing Strategies
Clientele

Restaurant owners should know the types of customers they want to attract, and consider this clientele when setting their prices. A fast food restaurant will offer quick and cheap meals to many people. These customers come to eat because they do not want to spend a lot of money, and would not go to a fancy restaurant for the same meal. Other people expect at a fancier restaurant that prices will be higher. If the prices are unexpectedly cheap, they might question the quality of food or restaurant.
Good, Better, Best

Restaurants should feature a "good, better, best" pricing strategy where three styles of the same dish are offered on the menu. The "good" (cheapest) item might be just a hamburger. The "better" (mid-priced) item could be a hamburger with fries and a salad. The "best" (most expensive) item could be the hamburger with fries, a salad and dessert. Most people will buy the mid-priced option. Without the more expensive option, though, restaurants are missing out on money that a customer might have spent, because that customer always favors the best option. Although few people will order the cheapest option, without it, the other options do not look as attractive.

Setting your menu prices is a pivotal decision for your restaurant. Pricing is a task that needs to be periodically revisited to respond to changes in the industry, fluctuating market prices and the mood of customers. Setting prices involves considering many factors, including the cost of food, cost of labor, what the competition is doing and what your target customers are willing to pay.
Ads by Google
Marketing Strategy Plan
Plan Your Strategy Using Our Data, Discover What Your Competitors Do
similarweb.com​/​Marketing
Food Costs

Food costs are one of the first considerations that go into restaurant pricing. This is simply what it costs to procure the ingredients used in a dish. There is a reason why steak and lobster tend to cost considerably more on a restaurant's menu than items like french fries or green salads. The cost of purchasing these ingredients is much higher. Buying very high quality, local, organic or sustainable ingredients can boost pricing as well. Break down the costs of the ingredients that go into each dish and use this as a base for setting your menu pricing. Keep in mind that there are more factors involved with pricing.
Other Costs

Other expenses that need to be calculated into a restaurant's pricing strategy include labor, rent, supplies, equipment and marketing costs. If your dishes require a highly trained cooking staff with generous salaries, that will factor into your menu pricing. Quick heat and reserve items that don't have a substantial labor investment may be less. Ultimately, the money brought in from your menu items will also pay for your location, energy use, staff, equipment and marketing. Look at the big picture and adjust pricing as necessary to generate enough profit to cover your overhead.

Related Reading: The Disadvantages of an Everyday Low Pricing Strategy
Market Changes

Food prices can fluctuate substantially. A natural disaster can drive up the cost of seafood. Poor growing seasons can affect the price of certain fruits and vegetables. Consider building some flexibility into your menu pricing to accommodate changes in the market. High-end seafood at a formal restaurant can be priced on a day-by-day basis depending on what it cost to bring them in fresh that day. Take the time to add a note of explanation for your customers when you have to adjust menu pricing in reaction to market changes.
Customer Base

Know who your customers are. If you are a quick-service restaurant, you may cater to a younger audience that doesn't have a lot of discretionary funds. If you have a formal fine dining restaurant, you may cater to older customers with more open pocketbooks. Consider the people you are targeting when setting menu pricing. This reflects the image of your restaurant and can play a role in bringing in repeat customers. Customers at all levels want to feel like they are receiving good value for their money. Keep an eye on how pricing changes affect your customers. Surveys can be a good way to keep your finger on the pulse of your customers' attitudes toward your business.
Competition

Restaurants are often up against stiff competition to attract the same customers. Do some reconnaissance work to see what your competition is charging for similar menu items. You may not always have to beat their prices. You may make up for pricing differences by offering better customer service, higher quality ingredients or a more engaging dining atmosphere. Look for ways to set yourself apart from the competition. Pricing can be a big part of that strategy.

Pricing is one of the most powerful – yet underutilized – strategies available to businesses. Illustrating the power of pricing, using data from the National Restaurant Association and Deloitte Restaurant Industry Operations Report, if full-service restaurants raised their prices by just 1%, and demand remained constant, on average their operating profits would roughly increase by 17%.1 Just as important, price is a key attribute that consumers consider before making a purchase.

The following 10 pricing tips can reap higher profits, generate growth, and better serve customers by providing options.

1.     Stop marking up costs. The most common mistake in pricing involves setting prices by marking up costs (“I need a 30% margin”). While easy to implement, these “cost-plus” prices bear absolutely no relation to the amount that consumers are willing to pay. As a result, profits are left on the table daily.

2.     Set prices that capture value. Manhattan street vendors understand the principle of value-based pricing. The moment that it looks like it will rain, they raise their umbrella prices. This hike has nothing to do with costs; instead it’s all about capturing the increased value that customers place on a safe haven from rain. The right way to set prices involves capturing the value that customers place on a product by “thinking like a customer.” Customers evaluate a product and its next best alternative(s) and then ask themselves, “Are the extra bells and whistles worth the price premium (organic versus regular) or does the discount stripped-down model make sense (private label versus brand name). They choose the product that provides the best deal (price versus attributes).

The foundation for every restaurant’s pricing strategy is to set prices that capture the value of their offerings. This involves thinking like a consumer. Consumers evaluate a restaurant relative to their next best alternatives. Is a “best of” winner worth the premium or does the lower priced standby make sense? They choose the restaurant that provides the best deal (price versus attributes). Key attributes that affect how diners value a restaurant include number of close competitors, personal taste for cuisine or restaurant type, and income. The value customers place on a restaurant’s offerings has little to do with its operating costs. Four steamed shrimp dumplings are priced at $4.50 at Hai Hong located in upstate Ithaca, N.Y., (low real estate costs) but only $3.50 at Chau Chau City in downtown Boston. The reason why Hai Hong can charge a 29% premium is because it provides significant value: it is the only dim sum restaurant in Ithaca while there are many in Boston.

3.     Create a value statement. Every company should have a value statement that clearly articulates why customers should purchase their product over competitors’ offerings. Be specific in listing reasons – this is not a time to be modest. This statement will boost the confidence of your frontline so they can look customers squarely in the eye and say, “I know that you have options, but here are the reasons why you should buy our product.” Key statements can be along the lines that we won a “best of” award or testimonials from customers.

4.     Reinforce to employees that it is okay to earn high profits. I’ve found that many employees are uncomfortable setting prices above what they consider to be “fair” and are quick to offer unnecessary discounts. It is fair to charge “what the market will bear” prices to compensate for the hard work and financial risk necessary to bring products to market. It is also important to reinforce the truism that most customers are not loyal – if a new product offers a better value (more attributes and/or cheaper price), many will defect.
	 

5.     Realize that a discount today doesn’t guarantee a premium tomorrow. Many people believe that offering a discount as an incentive to trial a product will lead to future full-price purchases. In my experience, this rarely works out. Offering periodic discounts serves price sensitive customers (which is a great strategy) but often devalues a product in customers’ minds. This devaluation can impede future full-price purchases. Promotions should generally be thought of as a method to serve price-sensitive customers – keep “they’ll return and pay full price” expectations low.

6.     Understand that customers have different pricing needs. In virtually every facet of business (product development, marketing, distribution), companies develop strategies based on the truism that customers differ from each other.
	
Ardent Mills
	

However, when it comes to pricing, many companies behave as though their customers are identical by setting just one price for each product. The key to developing a comprehensive pricing strategy involves embracing (and profiting from) the fact that customers’ pricing needs differ in three primary ways: pricing plans, product preferences, and product valuations. Pick-a-plan, versioning and differential pricing tactics serve these diverse needs.

7.     Provide pick-a-plan options. Customers are often interested in a product but refrain from purchasing simply because the pricing plan does not work for them. While some want to purchase outright, others may prefer a selling strategy such as rent, lease, prepay, or all-you-can-eat. A pick-a-plan strategy activates these dormant customers. New pricing plans attract customers by providing ownership options, mitigating uncertain value, offering price assurance, and overcoming financial constraints.

8.     Offer product versions. One of the easiest ways to enhance profits and better serve customers is to offer good, better and best versions. These options allow customers to choose how much to pay for a product. Many gourmet restaurants offer early-bird, regular, and chef’s-table options. Price-sensitive gourmands come for the early-bird specials while well-heeled diners willingly pay an extra $50 to sit at the chef’s table.

9.     Implement differential pricing. For any product, some customers are willing to pay more than others. Differential pricing involves offering tactics that identify and offer discounts to price-sensitive customers by using hurdles, customer characteristics, selling characteristics, and selling strategy tactics. For example, customers who look out for, cut out, organize, carry and then redeem coupons are demonstrating (jumping a hurdle) that low prices are important to them.

10.     Use pricing tactics to complete your customer puzzle. Companies should think of their potential customer base as a giant jigsaw puzzle. Each new pricing tactic adds another customer segment piece to the puzzle. Normal Norman’s buy at full price (value-based price), Noncommittal Nancys come for leases (pricing plans), High-end Harrys buy the top-of-the-line (versions), and Discount Davids are added by offering 10% off on Tuesday promotions (differential pricing). Starting with a value-based price, employing pick-a-plan, versioning and differential pricing tactics adds the pricing related segments necessary to complete a company’s potential customer puzzle. Offering consumers pricing choices generates growth and increases profits.

Since pricing is an underutilized strategy, it is fertile ground for new profits. The beauty of focusing on pricing is that many concepts are straightforward to implement and can start producing profits almost immediately.

What better pricing windfall can your company start reaping tomorrow morning?

Value pricing assumes that customers see price as a primary indicator of a product’s value. Value pricing occurs when a company increases a product’s benefits while either maintaining or decreasing the price. A great example of value pricing is the ability to “super-size” drinks and fries at a fast-food restaurant. The value of the drink or fries is increased because a customer can get significantly more of an item for a fraction more of the cost.
Penetration Pricing

Penetration pricing is the act of setting the initial sales price far lower than what the normal selling price would be in order to infiltrate the market. The goal behind penetration pricing is to appeal to a broader audience and increase market share. Fast-food restaurants often utilize penetration pricing when introducing a new menu item. For example, a restaurant may set the initial sales price of new item at 99 cents. After the introductory period, the sales price will increase significantly.

Related Reading: Flat Pricing Strategy
Customary Pricing

Customary pricing is established by tradition or competition, and fast-food restaurants employ customary pricing on a regular basis. For example, if the majority of fast-food restaurants are selling cheeseburgers for a dollar, every other fast-food restaurant has to sell its cheeseburgers for a dollar, too, or risk losing sales to the competition.
Bundle Pricing

Bundle pricing is the act of marketing and selling two or more products as a package with the intent of saving the customer money. Fast-food restaurants engage in bundle pricing quite frequently. They may call it a value meal or a meal deal. A customer can purchase a sandwich, fries and a drink as a value meal for far less than the price of purchasing each item separately.

 The first step in pricing a menu is to have a food cost goal.  The second step is to be loyal to it, no matter what.  These two steps represent the nuts-and-bolts of your kitchen and its presentation to your guests.  Restaurants soar with food cost loyalty and sink without it.  Creating a menu with price points that maintain sound food cost should be the cornerstone of your kitchen.

The food cost a restaurant maintains depends on the type of restaurant.  One major, well-known sandwich/bread-style national chain maintains a food cost of around 26%.  Another, well-known national steakhouse chain keeps its food cost at around 33%.  Of course, for national corporations healthy cost goes hand-in-hand with the power of bulk purchasing to reduce costs.  However, you get the point.  A lunch-style diner should have a food cost below 30% and a dinner-style chophouse or seafood restaurant can expect food cost to be a little higher. 

Your menu prices have to make these goals reasonable. 

Include Everything

When creating your menu’s prices, be sure to cost out the <em>entire</em> entrée.  Every sauce, ingredient and garnish should be included when determining the total cost of a menu. 

Many operators like to use a plate-and-table wraparound cost that covers the average sum of ingredients that aren’t essential to the recipe but which are used nonetheless.  A wraparound cost would include items like bread, butter, salt and pepper.  This should be part of the cost of your entrée, and is a factor in determining their total cost.  However, it’s more accurate to take the time to price out each specific ingredient on a spreadsheet and add it all up.  Easy-to-forget items include:

-     A lemon wedge for the salmon entrée

-     Kale or lettuce garnish

-     Bottled sauces like Worcestershire or A-1

-     Ketchup and other condiments for french fries

-     Mints for the hostess stand

Vary Your Price Points

You have a concept, and your price points are a central part of that concept.  That’s good.  But are your price points the same as those of the restaurant across the street?  You don’t have to have price points that are different from everyone else’s.  But price points that are different from those of other restaurants make it easier to create your niche within the marketplace.  Don’t be afraid to actively compare your menu prices to those of the competition.

The best price points either represent a unique level of quality that is worthy of the expense or demonstrate significant value to your customers.  For most customers, your menu prices are essential to your business’s identity, and are the first thing they notice about your menu.  Reaching something few or no other restaurants are reaching for gives you an instant identity.  However, you don’t want that identity to be “overpriced”.

It’s worth it to vary the prices on your menu.  If you are a low-end family concept, have a couple of entrees that let your guests celebrate.  If you are a fine-dining, upscale model, be sure to have a couple entrees that allow anyone to enjoy your restaurant.  Making sure that you have a range guarantees that you’re throwing a net at the widest possible audience.

Be Willing to Adjust on the Fly

Obviously, your menu prices will reflect changes in cost from the vendors that supply you.  We’ve all seen how this will trend upward over time.  However, a willingness to adjust your price points is sometimes necessary to meet your clientele base in the middle. 

Many great restaurants have lowered prices in response to dwindling revenue, the flagging economy, or the opportunity to grow.  Restaurants that can maintain high quality while publicly adjusting prices downward or offering discounted items can make a strong push to demonstrate value. 

Your Concept Creates Your Price Points

So, you have a concept and you have established your price points. In most cases, these are essential steps in executing your vision as a restaurant operator.  They’re part of the dream of owning and running a business, and so they are part of your identity.  It can be difficult to adjust your identity, especially if you are stubborn, as many restaurant operators tend to be.

But most of us are more loyal to success than we are a restaurant concept.  Don’t let an unwillingness to adjust prices to meet guests be all that stands between you and success.

It doesn’t matter that you have the best menu in town, a high-traffic location, beautiful decor and rave reviews if your restaurant charges $12 for a meal that costs you $13 to serve. Your cost to serve a meal includes both overhead costs and the actual food on the plate. Miscalculating either is a recipe for disaster.
Ads by Google
Easy Recipes
7 Quick & Easy To Cook Recipes! Visit TimesCity's Blog.
timescity.com​/​Quick-Recipes
Step 1

List the ingredients of the dish you are appraising. Include even small amounts of food, including a squirt of ketchup or spoonful of mayonnaise. Don't forget to account for cooking oil, seasonings and garnishes as well. Every dish should be portion controlled to ensure each chef serves the same meal at the same cost.
Step 2

Calculate the cost of each ingredient in each dish. For example, if a tomato costs 25 cents and each one yields eight slices, the tomato cost for a dish that includes two slices would be about 6 cents. Include a proportion of any delivery fees, interest, returns charges or other expenses directly related to purchasing foods.

Related Reading: How Do I Calculate the Labor Cost in a Restaurant?
Step 3

Add the total cost of the ingredients to calculate your food costs for that dish. Do not include the labor costs to prepare or serve the dish.
Step 4

Divide the menu price by the food cost to determine the percentage of the price that comes from food to begin determining if you have priced the meal correctly. For example, if you sell a meal for $18 and your food costs for that meal are $6, your food cost is 33 percent.
Step 5

Calculate your overhead cost per meal served. This includes all of the nonfood costs to run your restaurant, such as labor, rent, marketing, taxes and other expenses. Determine a daily overhead cost to run the restaurant and divide that by the number of customers you estimate you will serve each day. For example, if your overhead is $2,000 per day and you serve 250 customers daily, your overhead cost per person is $8. Include allowances for employee meals and food theft in the overhead figure, since these are not direct costs to serve a customer meal.
Step 6

Determine the target food-cost percentage you want for your menu items. Use your overhead costs to guide you. For example, if you sell a meal for $12 and have an $8 overhead cost, your food costs must be no more than $4 to break even. If you want a profit of $2 per plate, your sales price would then need to be $14, giving you a food-cost percentage of about 29 percent. If you feel your market will not support meals that cost more than $14, your chef will need to prepare menu items for no more than $4 each. If you sell meals for less than $14, your chef will need to use less than $4 of ingredients per meal, using your 29 percent guide.
Step 7

Examine your current menu prices to determine whether they cover your overhead and foods costs, and return a profit. Use your target food-cost percentage to do this. For example, if you determine that your food costs can be no more than 20 percent and a particular meal uses $4 of ingredients, you must sell that meal for at least $20.
Step 8

Determine whether you need to calculate different food cost percentages for different services or items. For example, a low-cost breakfast menu might require food costs to be less than 20 percent of the ticket since profit margins are small. A more expensive dinner menu might support foods costs as high as 35 percent per plate.
Step 9

Analyze your sales by item to see if your food-cost percentages can support your business. If you determine that you are selling mainly low-cost items, you may need to raise those prices -- or lower your food costs -- to be profitable. Look at total food costs per service and divide by total sales to get a more complete picture of your food costs without having to calculate the actual cost of each menu item.


available in retail.

Just as diners should mull over these factors when selecting a meal, restaurateurs also carefully consider them, and several others, when pricing their menus. After all, it’s not as if they’re raking in huge profits, in general, at least. On average, only 5 to 8 cents of every dollar in the cash register make it into their wallets. “Food cost, what nearby restaurants are charging for similar dishes, and perceived value – what customers are willing to pay for certain foods, are all taken into account,” says Linda Lipsky who runs a Pennsylvania-based hospitality operations consulting firm. Of course, labor, rent and other overheads have to be plugged into the equation too.

While the average raw food cost for fine-dining restaurants is 38% – 42% of the menu as a whole, there is no standard mark-up across the board for appetizers, entrees, and desserts. There is also significant fluctuation within these categories. If $1.50 worth of chicken and $1.50 worth of shrimp features in two distinct appetizers, the shrimp dish will be more expensive because customers perceive the crustacean to be of higher value, and so will shell out more for it. However, with a range of quality available, chefs can use a cheaper variety of shrimp unbeknownst to the diner who continues to pay a premium, says Lipsky.

Other than to avoid out low-quality shellfish, there’s another reason why diners should pay more attention to their appetizer order. According to Jody Pennette, founder of CB5 Restaurant Group, in the last 15 years restaurants have raised the price of appetizers disproportionately to the increase in food costs. “This has gone under the radar because people form their perceptions of value by looking at the price of entrees,” Pennette explains. “Restaurants keep mains as competitive as they can, knowing they have leeway in other parts of the menu.”

In Pictures: Restaurant Foods That Are The Worst Deals

Sides are another area featuring unpalatably high mark-ups, especially when sold as “family style” servings to be shared by the table. “Diners have a hard time deciphering value when portion sizes become more abstract,” says Pennette, something that makes it easier to add extra dollars to the check. Throw in exotic, luxury or ethnic ingredients, like caviar, saffron, or fresh lemongrass even in the tiniest quantities, and again the diner swallows a disproportionate price hike. “People are thrown off the scent of seeking out value with foods they are unfamiliar with and don’t know how to cost,” adds Pennette.

Despite inflated prices in the appetizer sections, there are still parts of the menu where diners can find good value. Red meat and seafood dishes will get more bang for your buck—and don’t forget the dessert list. “Dessert used to be a low-cost, money-maker until the ambitions of the modern day pastry chef got in the way,” says Pennette. Nowadays, indulging in elaborate, luxurious desserts is reason alone to eat out. Go on, order that triple-layered chocolate torte. You owe it to your wallet.

        The average net profit of a restaurant is 5 to 7 percent. Restaurants also have a failure rate of about 70%. So it is a big risk to even start one.

        Pasta and chicken are lower food cost items and thusly make a greater profit. But this allows the restaurant to run a higher food cost on items such as; steak, lobster and other expensive items.

        In the article you show a burger from the Restaurant Daniel. But what you fail to mention is that every ingredient of that burger is more expensive than a Wendy’s” burger. Not to mention how much skilled labor you have to have to run a Michelin 3 star restaurant.

        Furthermore the last time I checked farm raised shrimp although less expensive than the wild variety were not selling for the same price as chicken breast. I could pick apart much of the rest of the article but I’m going to keep it short.

        So in closing could you please source somebody
        that is more informed about restaurant economics before running another article like this.
        Reply
        alexdob11 alexdob11 2 years ago

        Great article! I will definitely be using these guidelines! I just joined BlendAbout (http://www.blendabout.com), a site that organizes dinner in groups. I joined it to make new friends, but I have been going to many restaurants lately. These Tips will definitely make my expirience more fulfilling.
        Reply
        mack10 mack10 2 years ago

        What do I care, I’m not the freaking accountant, I”m just a guy who wants some pasta.
        Reply
        foodsho foodsho 2 years ago

        Very misleading to suggest that restaurants are “ripping you off”, you have not accounted for other costs that are also part of the menu offering. If a restaurant has a 38% – 42% food cost you should also consider that their labor costs are about the same, throw in lease/own, insurance, trash removal, marketing, licensing fees, and replacement costs for china, glass, and silver and you will find that real squeeze is on the restaurant operator and not the guest.

        Pricing in service industries like restaurants has never been 100% directly related to the actual cost of the menu offering and price is not the only reason that people choose a restaurant. Does anyone know the actual cost of a Starbuck’s coffee?
        Reply
        mcslimjb mcslimjb 2 years ago

        Honestly, if Forbes readers are so naive about the realities of restaurant vs. home dining costs that they need a puff piece to tell them, “Pasta is cheap, you know!”, we are in an even bigger world of hurt than anyone imagined. The author ignores (or is ignorant) of the many reasons you might want to order these dishes even if their hefty gross margins were printed on the menu, e.g., a bone-in steak is often tastier than a boneless cut, or the fact that a plate of Buffalo wings shared with your buddies at the pub with the game on is a simple, cheap pleasure. Congratulations on being simultaneously thuddingly obvious and oblivious to the pleasures of dining out. If I had friends who measured their joy in eating out with a calculator, I’d encourage them to stay at home, too.
        Reply
        mr.pepper mr.pepper 5 months ago

        If your going out to dinner looking for “the” deal then your going out for the wrong reasons. You should stay home and cook, then clean off your own table, wash all your pots and pans then wash all you dishes and silverware and your drinking glasses sweep up under the table and wipe down your chairs if you have kids. You go out to dinner because you want to enjoy your self. Yea some places might cut corners to save money but also to make it more affordable for the diners that come and visit them. If you want the “best” then you’re going to pay the price for it or make it your self at home. There are a lot of factors involved in the pricing of items for the menu. Restaurant owners are not out to get you. The menu has to balance or the restaurant will go out of business.
        Reply
        ParkerSmith ParkerSmith 3 months ago

        Nice information, There is obviously a lot. Your points are very valuable and knowledgeable. Thanks for sharing this great blog with us.
        Reply

Wolf has a point. Avoid the ubiquitous, low-cost chicken breast dish. Dishes comprising of everyday, bulk ingredients like pasta or rice are cheap to prepare and as simple for the restaurant chef to put together as it is for the home cook. For this same reason, restaurants love brunch when they turn out highly-profitable, egg-centric meals, and bread, flour and dairy-based dishes, such as French toast, waffles and, pancakes.

Then there’s making the most of specialized equipment—and relationships—that eateries have. Steakhouses, for example, Clark adds, not only have dry-aging cabinets to hang meat to develop flavor and add value, but the best ones have built links with suppliers that deliver the most prime cuts that aren’t 

If you thought you bagged a bargain by skipping the $29 burgundy-braised short ribs and opting for the $18 baked ziti with mushrooms, marinara sauce and chicken, you’d be wrong. With food costs only accounting for about 18% of the menu price, the pasta dish is where the restaurant is making the most profit. Believe it or not, the beef is actually the better deal, since it costs nearly half the menu price to source and prepare it.

If price alone isn’t the best indicator of value on a menu, what criteria should we use to ensure the most bang for our buck? “Choose labor-intensive, time-consuming, complex dishes, that call for hard-to-find ingredients,” suggests New York-based restaurant consultant, Clark Wolf. “If you can whip it up yourself in 20 minutes with stuff from your kitchen cupboard—do that,” he says.

A constant refrain in the foodservice business is the need for operators to raise their prices. As a general matter, independent operators are lower priced than their multi-unit chain competition. They could raise their prices without losing their value perception among consumers.

But raising prices across the board isn’t the answer. Independent operator menus aren’t underpriced so much as they are mis-priced. Unfortunately the menu pricing formulas used by many operators cause them to leave money on the table. These formulas mistakenly use percentages rather than contribution margin and this often times leaves menus underpriced.

Food cost percentage is an important concept for evaluating the overall financial performance of a restaurant. Many operators, however, use this percentage as a menu pricing guide rather than as the financial measure that it is supposed to be. When an operator thinks that he should have a 30% food cost, he will price everything such that the food cost is always 30% on all menu items. No matter what he sells he’ll always have the right percentage.

The problem with this model is that some items are overpriced and other are underpriced. The operator will sell a lot of the underpriced items and few of the overpriced items. At the end of the day he will not bring in enough dollars per customer to cover his operating expenses. His food cost percentage is right on, but he can not afford to pay his utility bills.

A successful menu pricing strategy requires a different metric: Contribution Margin. Contribution Margin, also called Gross Profit, is expressed in dollars. For example, a bowl of chili that costs $.65 can retail for $3.99. That chili’s contribution margin is $3.34. Using a food cost percentage formula, this item would be priced at $1.95. This leaves over a dollar per serving on the table that could go straight into the operator’s pocket. In a typical restaurant this could be over $10,000 per year.

Vanee sales agents need to help their customers use the proper menu pricing strategy. An advantage our agents have is that they visit many different accounts and have a good feel for the “right” price for different items. That means our sales agents can be a valuable too for the operator by making sure their menus are priced as profitably as possible.

Left to its own devices, it may be unappetizing and unpopular, but when paired with what he calls an enhancer — applewood smoked bacon in the case of the chicken liver on the menu at Tabla, Mr. Meyer’s Indian fusion restaurant in the Flatiron District — it not only excites the taste buds but goes to work on the mind.

And the name of the Tabla appetizer, Boodie’s Chicken Liver Masala, draws even deeper from the growing field of menu psychology because Boodie is the mother of Floyd Cardoz, Tabla’s executive chef. People like the names of mothers, grandmothers and other relatives on their menus, and research shows they are much more likely to buy, say, Grandma’s zucchini cookies, burgers freshly ground at Uncle Sol’s butcher shop this morning and Aunt Phyllis’s famous wedge salad.

After Tabla merged with its downstairs sibling, the Bread Bar at Tabla, in October, Mr. Meyer and his team spent months pondering such matters before unveiling a new menu earlier this month. The price of Boodie’s chicken livers, for example, is $9, written simply as 9. This is a friendly and manageable number at a time when numbers really need to be friendly and manageable. Besides, it has no dollar sign. In the world of menu engineering and pricing, a dollar sign is pretty much the worst thing you can put on a menu, particularly at a high-end restaurant. Not only will it scream “Hello, you are about to spend money!” into a diner’s tender psyche, but it can feel aggressive and look tacky. So can price formats that end in the numeral 9, as in $9.99, which tend to signify value but not quality, menu consultants and researchers say.

Tabla is just one of the many restaurants around the country that are feverishly revising their menus. Pounded by the recession, they are hoping that some magic combination of prices, adjectives, fonts, type sizes, ink colors and placement on the page can coax diners into spending a little more money.

“There is constant tinkering going on right now with menus and menu pricing,” said Sheryl E. Kimes, a professor of hospitality management at the Cornell School of Hotel Administration. “A lot of creative things are going on because the restaurants are trying to hold on for dear life to make sure they get through this.”

For the operators of most high-end restaurants, the menu psychology is usually drawn from instinct and experience. Mr. Meyer, for example, said he had developed most of his theories through trial and error.

“We thought long and hard about the psychology because this is a complete relaunch of a restaurant entirely through its menu and through the psychology of the menu,” Mr. Meyer said. “The chefs write the music and the menu becomes the lyrics, and sometimes the music is gorgeous and it’s got the wrong lyrics and the lyrics can torpedo the music.”

The use of menu engineers and consultants is exploding in the casual dining arena and among national chains, a sector of the business that has been especially pinched by the economy. In response, they are tapping into a growing body of research into the science of menu pricing and writing, hoping the way to a diner’s heart is not only through the stomach, but through the unconscious.

Huddle House, the family-dining chain with more than 400 restaurants in 17 states, is rolling out a test menu at 20 restaurants next week. The company hired Gregg Rapp, a menu engineer and consultant who holds “menu boot camps” for restaurants around the country. He said he had been “taking dollar signs off menus for 25 years,”

Susan Franck, vice president of marketing for the chain, said she was intrigued about the four types of diners Mr. Rapp had identified. The customers he calls “Entrees” do not want a lot of description, just the bottom line on what the dish is and how much it is going to cost. “Recipes,” on the other hand, ask many questions and want to know as much as they can about the ingredients. “Barbecues” share food and like chatty servers who wear name tags. “Desserts” are trendy people who want to order trendy things.

“We can’t do much of a price increase, yet we’re searching for ways to increase our profit for the franchises,” Ms. Franck said. “If you have a signature item, make a logo for it, put more copy to it, romance the description with smokehouse bacon, country ham or farm fresh eggs.”

She said the chain took dollar signs off the menu in 2007, and now on the test menu, instead of an omelet and orange juice, there is “the light and fluffy Heavenly Omelet” and “Minute Maid orange juice.”

In the “Ten Commandments for Menu Success,” an article published in Restaurant Hospitality magazine in 1994, Allen H. Kelson, a restaurant consultant, wrote, “If admen had souls, many would probably trade them for an opportunity every restaurateur already has: the ability to place an advertisement in every customer’s hand before they part with their money.”

And like advertisements, menus contain plenty of subliminal messages.

Some restaurants use what researchers call decoys. For example, they may place a really expensive item at the top of the menu, so that other dishes look more reasonably priced; research shows that diners tend to order neither the most nor least expensive items, drifting toward the middle. Or restaurants might play up a profitable dish by using more appetizing adjectives and placing it next to a less profitable dish with less description so the contrast entices the diner to order the profitable dish.

Research by Brian Wansink, director of the Food and Brand Lab at Cornell University and the author of “Mindless Eating: Why We Eat More Than We Think,” suggests that the average person makes more than 200 decisions about food every day, many of them unconsciously, including the choices made from reading menus.

Menu design draws some of its inspiration from newspaper layout, which puts the most important articles at the top right of the front page, where the eyes tend to be drawn. Some restaurants will place their most profitable items, or their specials, in that spot. Or they place a dotted outline or a box around the item, put more white space around it to make the dish stand out or, in what menu researchers say is one of the most effective tools, add a photograph of the item or an icon like a chili pepper.

(Photos of foie gras on the menus of white-tablecloth restaurants would be surprising, however. Menu consultants say those establishments should never use pictures.)

Unless a restaurant wants to frighten its customers, the price should always be at the very end of a menu description and should not be in any way highlighted.

A study published in the spring by Dr. Kimes and other researchers at Cornell found that when the prices were given with dollar signs, customers — the research subjects dined at St. Andrew’s Cafe at the Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park, N.Y. — spent less than when no dollar signs appeared. The study, published in the Cornell Hospitality Report, also found that customers spent significantly more when the price was listed in numerals without dollar signs, as in “14.00” or “14,” than when it included the word “dollar,” as in “Fourteen dollars.” Apparently even the word “dollar” can trigger what is known as “the pain of paying.”

Mr. Rapp, of Palm Springs, Calif., also says that if a restaurant wants to use prices that include cents, like $9.99 or $9.95 (without the dollar sign, of course), he strongly recommends .95, which he said “is a friendlier price,” whereas .99 is “cornier.” On the other hand, 10, or “10 dollars,” has attitude, which is what restaurants using those price formats are selling.

A dash or a period after the number appears to be more of an aesthetic choice than a psychological tool, according to one of the authors of the menu pricing study, Sybil S. Yang, a doctoral student at Cornell. Numbers followed by neither a dash nor a period are most common.

Mr. Meyer said that in his view, adding zeros to the price, as in 14.00, is not a good idea because “there’s no reason to have pennies if you’re not using pennies, and it takes the price from being two digits into four digits, even if the two last digits are zeros. It’s irrelevant, and the number could feel more important, which is not a menu writer’s goal.”

(Some prices at his restaurants do end in .50, and at Mr. Meyer’s Shake Shack burger joints, his foray into retro-casual dining, some end with .25 or .75 — but the prices are always rounded to the quarter. The Shake Shacks are the only of Mr. Meyer’s restaurants with menu prices preceded by dollar signs.)

Other research by Dr. Wansink found that descriptive menu labels increased sales by as much as 27 percent. He has divided descriptions into four categories: geographic labels like “Southwestern Tex-Mex salad,” nostalgia labels like “ye old potato bread,” sensory labels like “buttery plump pasta” and brand names. Finding that brand names help sales, chains are increasingly using what is known as co-branding on their menus, like the Jack Daniel’s sauce at T.G.I. Friday’s and the Minute Maid orange juice on the Huddle House menu, Dr. Wansink said.

Dr. Wansink said that vivid adjectives can not only sway a customer’s choice but can also leave them more satisfied at the end of the meal than if they had eaten the same item without the descriptive labeling.

Indeed, restaurants like Huddle House and Applebee’s are adding language that suggests a rush of intense satisfaction. At Applebee’s, dishes are described as “handcrafted,” “triple-basted,” “slow-cooked,” “grilled” and “slammed with flavor.”

BUT many higher-end restaurateurs say they are paring the menu by using cleaner and simpler copy. In those cases, many of the items are inherently descriptive, like the Roasted and Braised Suckling Pig at Craft in Manhattan. There, the left side of the menu lists the farms and other sources of its ingredients. Those names were removed from the individual item descriptions in a streamlining effort, and the serving staff is required to explain many of the accompanying ingredients, including sauces, so the copy is spare.

In contemplating the Tabla menu, Mr. Cardoz said he and Mr. Meyer decided there were too many unusual Indian terms that were alienating customers, so they kept only the most recognizable words, like tandoori, paneer and tikka.

Tabla experimented with several different fonts and colors before settling on the final version. At one point, the cost of the liver and other prices were shaded navy blue, and some menu headings were orange. While the final version is in black and white, Mr. Meyer said he was thinking about adding orange and red. He remembers, from a hospitality management class he took years ago, what he learned about the gospel on color: red and blue stimulate appetite, while gray and purple stimulate satiation. You will not find a shade of gray or purple on any of the menus at his 11 restaurants, he said.

Mr. Cardoz, who is also a partner at Tabla, said he considered the menu to be an important tool for communicating with his customers.

“I feel most guests want to know what my inspiration was for any dish, and when they realize there is a connection for me doing something, they want to try it and they want to know it,” he said.

And there was one connection he was definitely not going to take off the menu, whether it was on the chicken liver or the onion rings, which come with “Boodie’s Ketchup”: his mother.

Even brief descriptions on menus like Tabla’s and Craft’s seem verbose compared with those on the menu at Alinea in Chicago, which on a recent night featured esoteric dishes called Peanut Butter and Bubble Gum, with a few more words that did not provide much more illumination. Next to Lemon Soda, the menu simply said: “one bite.”

Alinea offers no à la carte choices, only predetermined tastings, so the menu is not a sales pitch. Instead, it is “a language tool, so we’re trying to uphold the philosophy of the entire restaurant with every component — the sense of nostalgia, the sense of humor,” Alinea’s executive chef, Grant Achatz, said. “With Bubble Gum, there is a kind of mystique to the lack of description. I came from the French Laundry, and each dish came with a paragraph-long description. We want it to be more mysterious as a clean, crisp, graphically laid out object.”

He said he wanted the menu to resemble sheet music, so it has a line of bubbles snaking through the copy. The bigger the bubble, the more bites it takes to consume that dish.

When Alinea opened in 2005 it gave out menus at the start of the meal, like other restaurants. But they were of limited use to diners, Mr. Achatz said, because “our food is so manipulated that even if I wrote ‘venison, cranberries, lentils and beets,’ it’s not going to look like they think it’s going to look anyway.”

Now Mr. Achatz has adopted a practice that turns the world of menu psychology upside down: his customers do not get them until after they eat. 

Left to its own devices, it may be unappetizing and unpopular, but when paired with what he calls an enhancer — applewood smoked bacon in the case of the chicken liver on the menu at Tabla, Mr. Meyer’s Indian fusion restaurant in the Flatiron District — it not only excites the taste buds but goes to work on the mind.

And the name of the Tabla appetizer, Boodie’s Chicken Liver Masala, draws even deeper from the growing field of menu psychology because Boodie is the mother of Floyd Cardoz, Tabla’s executive chef. People like the names of mothers, grandmothers and other relatives on their menus, and research shows they are much more likely to buy, say, Grandma’s zucchini cookies, burgers freshly ground at Uncle Sol’s butcher shop this morning and Aunt Phyllis’s famous wedge salad.

After Tabla merged with its downstairs sibling, the Bread Bar at Tabla, in October, Mr. Meyer and his team spent months pondering such matters before unveiling a new menu earlier this month. The price of Boodie’s chicken livers, for example, is $9, written simply as 9. This is a friendly and manageable number at a time when numbers really need to be friendly and manageable. Besides, it has no dollar sign. In the world of menu engineering and pricing, a dollar sign is pretty much the worst thing you can put on a menu, particularly at a high-end restaurant. Not only will it scream “Hello, you are about to spend money!” into a diner’s tender psyche, but it can feel aggressive and look tacky. So can price formats that end in the numeral 9, as in $9.99, which tend to signify value but not quality, menu consultants and researchers say.

Tabla is just one of the many restaurants around the country that are feverishly revising their menus. Pounded by the recession, they are hoping that some magic combination of prices, adjectives, fonts, type sizes, ink colors and placement on the page can coax diners into spending a little more money.

“There is constant tinkering going on right now with menus and menu pricing,” said Sheryl E. Kimes, a professor of hospitality management at the Cornell School of Hotel Administration. “A lot of creative things are going on because the restaurants are trying to hold on for dear life to make sure they get through this.”

For the operators of most high-end restaurants, the menu psychology is usually drawn from instinct and experience. Mr. Meyer, for example, said he had developed most of his theories through trial and error.

“We thought long and hard about the psychology because this is a complete relaunch of a restaurant entirely through its menu and through the psychology of the menu,” Mr. Meyer said. “The chefs write the music and the menu becomes the lyrics, and sometimes the music is gorgeous and it’s got the wrong lyrics and the lyrics can torpedo the music.”

The use of menu engineers and consultants is exploding in the casual dining arena and among national chains, a sector of the business that has been especially pinched by the economy. In response, they are tapping into a growing body of research into the science of menu pricing and writing, hoping the way to a diner’s heart is not only through the stomach, but through the unconscious.

Huddle House, the family-dining chain with more than 400 restaurants in 17 states, is rolling out a test menu at 20 restaurants next week. The company hired Gregg Rapp, a menu engineer and consultant who holds “menu boot camps” for restaurants around the country. He said he had been “taking dollar signs off menus for 25 years,”

Susan Franck, vice president of marketing for the chain, said she was intrigued about the four types of diners Mr. Rapp had identified. The customers he calls “Entrees” do not want a lot of description, just the bottom line on what the dish is and how much it is going to cost. “Recipes,” on the other hand, ask many questions and want to know as much as they can about the ingredients. “Barbecues” share food and like chatty servers who wear name tags. “Desserts” are trendy people who want to order trendy things.

“We can’t do much of a price increase, yet we’re searching for ways to increase our profit for the franchises,” Ms. Franck said. “If you have a signature item, make a logo for it, put more copy to it, romance the description with smokehouse bacon, country ham or farm fresh eggs.”

She said the chain took dollar signs off the menu in 2007, and now on the test menu, instead of an omelet and orange juice, there is “the light and fluffy Heavenly Omelet” and “Minute Maid orange juice.”

In the “Ten Commandments for Menu Success,” an article published in Restaurant Hospitality magazine in 1994, Allen H. Kelson, a restaurant consultant, wrote, “If admen had souls, many would probably trade them for an opportunity every restaurateur already has: the ability to place an advertisement in every customer’s hand before they part with their money.”

And like advertisements, menus contain plenty of subliminal messages.

Some restaurants use what researchers call decoys. For example, they may place a really expensive item at the top of the menu, so that other dishes look more reasonably priced; research shows that diners tend to order neither the most nor least expensive items, drifting toward the middle. Or restaurants might play up a profitable dish by using more appetizing adjectives and placing it next to a less profitable dish with less description so the contrast entices the diner to order the profitable dish.

Research by Brian Wansink, director of the Food and Brand Lab at Cornell University and the author of “Mindless Eating: Why We Eat More Than We Think,” suggests that the average person makes more than 200 decisions about food every day, many of them unconsciously, including the choices made from reading menus.

Menu design draws some of its inspiration from newspaper layout, which puts the most important articles at the top right of the front page, where the eyes tend to be drawn. Some restaurants will place their most profitable items, or their specials, in that spot. Or they place a dotted outline or a box around the item, put more white space around it to make the dish stand out or, in what menu researchers say is one of the most effective tools, add a photograph of the item or an icon like a chili pepper.

(Photos of foie gras on the menus of white-tablecloth restaurants would be surprising, however. Menu consultants say those establishments should never use pictures.)

Unless a restaurant wants to frighten its customers, the price should always be at the very end of a menu description and should not be in any way highlighted.

A study published in the spring by Dr. Kimes and other researchers at Cornell found that when the prices were given with dollar signs, customers — the research subjects dined at St. Andrew’s Cafe at the Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park, N.Y. — spent less than when no dollar signs appeared. The study, published in the Cornell Hospitality Report, also found that customers spent significantly more when the price was listed in numerals without dollar signs, as in “14.00” or “14,” than when it included the word “dollar,” as in “Fourteen dollars.” Apparently even the word “dollar” can trigger what is known as “the pain of paying.”

Mr. Rapp, of Palm Springs, Calif., also says that if a restaurant wants to use prices that include cents, like $9.99 or $9.95 (without the dollar sign, of course), he strongly recommends .95, which he said “is a friendlier price,” whereas .99 is “cornier.” On the other hand, 10, or “10 dollars,” has attitude, which is what restaurants using those price formats are selling.

A dash or a period after the number appears to be more of an aesthetic choice than a psychological tool, according to one of the authors of the menu pricing study, Sybil S. Yang, a doctoral student at Cornell. Numbers followed by neither a dash nor a period are most common.

Mr. Meyer said that in his view, adding zeros to the price, as in 14.00, is not a good idea because “there’s no reason to have pennies if you’re not using pennies, and it takes the price from being two digits into four digits, even if the two last digits are zeros. It’s irrelevant, and the number could feel more important, which is not a menu writer’s goal.”

(Some prices at his restaurants do end in .50, and at Mr. Meyer’s Shake Shack burger joints, his foray into retro-casual dining, some end with .25 or .75 — but the prices are always rounded to the quarter. The Shake Shacks are the only of Mr. Meyer’s restaurants with menu prices preceded by dollar signs.)

Other research by Dr. Wansink found that descriptive menu labels increased sales by as much as 27 percent. He has divided descriptions into four categories: geographic labels like “Southwestern Tex-Mex salad,” nostalgia labels like “ye old potato bread,” sensory labels like “buttery plump pasta” and brand names. Finding that brand names help sales, chains are increasingly using what is known as co-branding on their menus, like the Jack Daniel’s sauce at T.G.I. Friday’s and the Minute Maid orange juice on the Huddle House menu, Dr. Wansink said.

Dr. Wansink said that vivid adjectives can not only sway a customer’s choice but can also leave them more satisfied at the end of the meal than if they had eaten the same item without the descriptive labeling.

Indeed, restaurants like Huddle House and Applebee’s are adding language that suggests a rush of intense satisfaction. At Applebee’s, dishes are described as “handcrafted,” “triple-basted,” “slow-cooked,” “grilled” and “slammed with flavor.”

BUT many higher-end restaurateurs say they are paring the menu by using cleaner and simpler copy. In those cases, many of the items are inherently descriptive, like the Roasted and Braised Suckling Pig at Craft in Manhattan. There, the left side of the menu lists the farms and other sources of its ingredients. Those names were removed from the individual item descriptions in a streamlining effort, and the serving staff is required to explain many of the accompanying ingredients, including sauces, so the copy is spare.

In contemplating the Tabla menu, Mr. Cardoz said he and Mr. Meyer decided there were too many unusual Indian terms that were alienating customers, so they kept only the most recognizable words, like tandoori, paneer and tikka.

Tabla experimented with several different fonts and colors before settling on the final version. At one point, the cost of the liver and other prices were shaded navy blue, and some menu headings were orange. While the final version is in black and white, Mr. Meyer said he was thinking about adding orange and red. He remembers, from a hospitality management class he took years ago, what he learned about the gospel on color: red and blue stimulate appetite, while gray and purple stimulate satiation. You will not find a shade of gray or purple on any of the menus at his 11 restaurants, he said.

Mr. Cardoz, who is also a partner at Tabla, said he considered the menu to be an important tool for communicating with his customers.

“I feel most guests want to know what my inspiration was for any dish, and when they realize there is a connection for me doing something, they want to try it and they want to know it,” he said.

And there was one connection he was definitely not going to take off the menu, whether it was on the chicken liver or the onion rings, which come with “Boodie’s Ketchup”: his mother.

Even brief descriptions on menus like Tabla’s and Craft’s seem verbose compared with those on the menu at Alinea in Chicago, which on a recent night featured esoteric dishes called Peanut Butter and Bubble Gum, with a few more words that did not provide much more illumination. Next to Lemon Soda, the menu simply said: “one bite.”

Alinea offers no à la carte choices, only predetermined tastings, so the menu is not a sales pitch. Instead, it is “a language tool, so we’re trying to uphold the philosophy of the entire restaurant with every component — the sense of nostalgia, the sense of humor,” Alinea’s executive chef, Grant Achatz, said. “With Bubble Gum, there is a kind of mystique to the lack of description. I came from the French Laundry, and each dish came with a paragraph-long description. We want it to be more mysterious as a clean, crisp, graphically laid out object.”

He said he wanted the menu to resemble sheet music, so it has a line of bubbles snaking through the copy. The bigger the bubble, the more bites it takes to consume that dish.

When Alinea opened in 2005 it gave out menus at the start of the meal, like other restaurants. But they were of limited use to diners, Mr. Achatz said, because “our food is so manipulated that even if I wrote ‘venison, cranberries, lentils and beets,’ it’s not going to look like they think it’s going to look anyway.”
Perfect value for money , keep the good work champs.

always been light on pocket.
Overall worth the penny.
Anyway, I believe this place has a huge potential and is extremely affordable so I will continue ordering from them.
Pema's is light on pockets too and worth giving a try.
Pema's is light on pockets too and worth giving a try.
Pema's is my go-to restaurant for all things easy and economical.
It's pocket friendly, Lies on the main road i.e.
363 including taxes.
yet dont want to spend much.
It's very reasonably priced.
All of the above costed us near about 350 bucks.
