Chicken Afghani Tikka was good and the best of all items. Chicken was tender and well cooked. Served with pudina chutney. Tawa Chicken boneless was not that great. Oil content was more than expected. It had 3 pieces of chicken and a quarter quantity could easily 4-5 breads. Khamiri roti was not up to the standard. It was better the last time I had in the same place. Dough was skewed to one side. Rumali roti served was not hot.

Rumali Roti came after 45 mins
Less options for Veggie. Paneer Roll and Tikka apart from the main course. Paneer roll was again ok type.
i ordered a kadai chicken from this place today which tasted like baingan ka bharta!!!!
Nazeer is a really good option for rich non-veg mughlai. And I specify 'non-veg' because they barely have any veg options on their menu. Their chicken takatak rolls are very very tasty- the chicken filling inside the roti is very juicy and flavourful. Their chicken tikka, afghani chicken and mutton seekh kebabs are also very nice. The mutton raan (leg of lamb), which needs to be ordered a day in advance is very good, well marinated and tender, and sufficient to feed 3-4 people. Coming to the gravies, the butter chicken, tawa chicken and the mutton rogan josh are very good. The keema kaleji has loads of chunks of kalegi in it. The food is tasty and the quantity is also quite good for the price. The khamiri roti is definitely worth trying and goes well with the rich gravies and is quite large is size. I have never managed to eat more than one. The kheer is decent, nothing great. 
None the less we got some rotis and some chicken dish someone ordered without asking me which was stupid, but it happens. Anyways after that we ordered chinese as well... I actually didnt enjoy either... Chinese and indian alike tasted extremely bland and i probably would not have eaten if i wasnt so hungry from all the drinking
Vegetables are an integral part of our food and we consume them in a number of ways. For pure vegetarians India is a heaven. India can boast for its innumerable varieties of tasty and nutritious vegetarian dishes. Indians like their vegetable curries real hot 'n' spicy and so add a number of spices to make them really exotic. These are also prepared using different methods of cooking like baking, boiling, frying etc. We offer a number of tempting Indian vegetarain recipes of dishes like Navratan Korma, Shahi Paneer etc. to the connoisseurs of taste.

VEGETABLE RECIPES
 Sarsoon Ka Saag
 Navratan Korma
 Stuffed Tomato
 Vegetable Curry
 Turi Bhaji
 Capsicum Masala Curry
	
 Lauki Ki Sabzi
 Vegetable Nilgiri Korma
 Karela Masaledar
 Masala Koki
 Methi Matar Malai
	
 Stuffed Capsicum
 Tinday Ki Sabzi
 Masaledar Nariyal Lauki
 Khoya Matar
 Sai Bhaji

CURRY RECIPES
 Ghiye Ke Kofte
 Hara Chana Masala
 Malai Kofta
 Sindhi Kadhi
 Malaiwale Kofte
 Kadhi Chawal
	
 Pakori Kadhi
 Peshawari Chana
 Lobhia Masala
 Punjabi Kadhi
 Methi Ke Gatte
 Rajma Chawal
	
 Pindi Chana
 Rajma Rasmisa
 Marwadi Gatta Kadhi
 Sindhi Channa
 Papad Sabzi
 Gujarati Kadhi

ALOO RECIPES
 Aloo Dahi Wale
 Aloo Dum
 Aloo Ghobi
 Aloo Ki Sabji
 Khuskhus Aloo
 Shahi Kaju Aloo
 Aloo Mangodi
	
 Aloo Rassewale
 Aloo Took
 Baigan Aloo
 Dum Aloo
 Aloo Mewawale
 Aloo Amritsari
 Aloo Bharta
	
 Aloo Palak
 Methi Aloo
 Stuffed Aloo
 Potato Dahiwada
 Sukha Aloo
 Aloo Ke Masaledar Lacche

BHINDI RECIPES
 Bhindi Masala
 Bhindi Fry
 Bhindi Do Pyaaza
 Rajasthani Bhindi
	
 Bhindi Curry
 Bhindi Ka Salan
 Dahi Bhindi
 Stuffed Bhindi
	
 Kurkuri Bhindi
 Microwave Bhindi
 Bhindi Anardana
 Bhindi Bhaji

CABBAGE RECIPES
 Aloo Patta Gobhi
 Patta Gobhi Mattar
	
 Indian Cabbage Salad
	
 Cabbage Poriyal

BAIGAN RECIPES
 Baigan Bharta
 Baghare Baigan
	
 Baigan Kalongee
 Bharawan Baigan
	
 Stuffed Baigan

PANEER RECIPES
 Chilli Paneer
 Kadhai Paneer
 Matar Paneer
 Palak Paneer
 Paneer Bhurji
 Paneer Sandwich
 Makki Paneer Pakora
	
 Paneer Kofta
 Paneer Korma
 Paneer Makhani
 Paneer Pasanda
 Shahi Paneer
 Paneer Pakora
	
 Paneer Tikka
 Microwave Paneer Matar
 Paneer Parantha
 Paneer Coconut Gravy
 Paneer Makhana Curry
 Matar Paneer

MUSHROOM RECIPES
 Kadai Mushroom
 Marinated Mushroom Salad
 Mushroom Corn Masala
 Mushroom Pulao
 Mushroom Toast
 Mushroom Paneer Pulao
 Mushroom Soup
	
 Mushroom Malai
 Mushroom Noodles
 Mushroom Pickle
 Shahi Mushroom
 Mushroom Curry
 Mushroom Magic
 Mushroom Masala

ARBI RECIPES
 Makhani Arbi Masala
 Zayekedar Arbi
	
 Khatti Arbi Ka Salan
 Sukhi Arbi
	
 Arbi Fried
 Arbi Pickle

PALAK RECIPES
 Palak Kofta
 Palak Paratha
 Palakwali Dal
	
 Palak Puri
 Palak Bhajia
 Palak Rice


In India, bread is eaten more in the northern regions of the country because of its dry climate.There are a variety of breads consumed in India like roti, naan and paratha. Indian roti is flat and cooked on a tava or cast-iron griddle. It can also be cooked in a tandoor. Roti is thin and made of atta (wholewheat). The naan is soft and fluffy and is made from plain flour with a little bit of yeast. Parathas are layered bread made of wheat flour but fried in little oil. The breads are prepared according to one's own taste and imagination. That is why in India we have variety of breads like the plain naan, garlic naan, methi roti, aloo paratha, puri, bhature etc.


  Aloo Paratha
 Butter Roti
 Besan Ki Roti
 Egg Paratha
 Gobhi Paratha
 Khameeri Roti
 Lachha Paratha
 Tamatar Puri
	
 Aloo Ki Puri
  Luchi
 Matar Paratha
 Makki Ki Roti
 Methi Paratha
 Missi Roti
 Naan
 Pudina Puri

In India, chinese food like chowmein, chilli chicken, fried rice are liked by one and all. But over a period of time actual chinese cooking has indianised and taken up the form of indo- chinese. So in keeping up with trend we have provided some indochinese recipes like fried rice, chilli chicken, gobhi manchurian and more....


  Chicken Wings
 Veg Fried Rice
 Chinese Chili Chicken
 Hot Sour Soup
 Veg Manchurian
 Egg Fried Rice

The Indian snacks are usually delicious and mouth watering. Savouries like samosas, aloo tikki etc. are commonly served in India. This section is comprised of recipes which have been passed on for generation together in Indian homes. The crispness and tempting tastes of indian snacks is liked by young and old alike. These can be easily prepared at any time. It is ideal to serve snacks before coffee or tea.


 Aloo Bonda
 Aloo Chaat
 Aloo Tikki
 Bread Pakora
 Bread Rolls
 Cheesy Pizza
 Bhel Puri
 Pani Puri
 Bread Cutlet
	
 Chole Bhature
 Daal Kachori
 Dahi Vada
 Dhokla
 French Fries
 Masala Dosa
 Sev Puri
 Paneer Tikka Roll
 Baingan Pakora
	
 Matar Chaat
 Paneer Pakora
 Paneer Tikka
 Pao Bhaji
 Samosa
 Vegetable Pakora
 Ragada Patties
 Bombay Sandwich
 Palak Pakora

\Who says you can't cook up some delicious Indian food in a modern microwave? It's low-cal, clean and efficient.Curries can be cooked in the microwave on a Roast or Simmer setting (medium/high), and the meat is cooked slowly. The advantage of a microwave curry is that it is a clean and efficient way to cook and you can serve it in the same bowl you cooked it in!


 Bharawan Baigan
 Microwave Bhindi
 Makki Korma
 Mutton Curry
	
 Matar Paneer
 Mutton Chops
 Microwave Paneer
 Zayekedar Arbi 

Be it a scorching summer or a bone clattering winter indian mithai is always too difficult to resist. A sumptuous meal is always incomplete without sweet dish like gulab jamun or kulfi or gajjar ka halwa. Below we have provided many recipes to tantalize your tongue.


 Badam Ka Halwa
 Badam Kheer
 Badam Phirini
 Basundi
 Besan Burfi
 Besan Laddo
 Boondi Ka Laddoo
 Chanar Payesh
 Channa Dal Payasam
 Coconut Burfi
 Crullers
 Doodh Pak
	
 Fruit Kheer
 Gajjar Ka Halwa
 Gulab Jamun
 Jalebi
 Karanji
 Kesar Burfi
 Kheer
 Kulfi
 Lapssi
 Makhana Kheer
 Malpua
 Mysore Pak

Apple 	Applepazham / அரத்திப்பழம் / குமளிப்பழம் 	Apple pazham 	Sev
Apricot 	Sarkkarai Badami / சர்க்கரை பாதாமி 		Khoobani/ khumani
Avocado (Butterfruit) 	Vennai pazham / வெண்ணைப் பழம் 		Makhanphal
Banana 	Vazhaipazham / வாழைப்பழம் 	Yethampazham 	Kela
Blueberry 	Avurinelli 		Falsa
Cantaloupe 	Parangi pazham / பரங்கி 		Kharbuja
Coconut 	Thengai 	Thenga 	Nariyal/ Kopra
Custard Apple 	Seetha pazham 	Seethappazham 	Shitaphal/ Saripa
Dates 	Pericham pazham 	Eetha pazham 	khajoor
Fig 	Atti Pazham 	Athi pazham 	Anjeer
Gooseberry 	Nellikai 	Nelli 	Amla
Grapefruit 			
Grapes 	Dratchai 	Dratcha or Munthiri 	Angoor
Green Berry / zizyphus 			Ber/ Bor
Guava 	Koiya 	Peraka 	Amrud
Jackfruit 	Palapazham 	Chakka 	Kathal
Jambu fruit / bell fruit 	Panchali pazham / பஞ்சலிப்பழம் 		Jamun
Lemon 	Kolinchi pazham 	Naranga 	Galgal/ Nimbu
Lime 	Elumichai 	Cherunaranga 	Nimbu
Lychee 			Lichi
Mango 	Mam pazham 	Mangnga 	Aam
Mulberry 	mulberrypazham 		Shehtooth
Musk Melon (Cantaloupe) 	Mulam pazham 		Kharbooja
Olive 			Jaitun
Orange 	Naaram 	Naaranga 	Narangi
Papaya 	Papalipazham 	Omakka 	Papeeta
Pear 	Berikkai 	Sabarjil 	Nashpati
Pineapple 	Annasi 	kaithachakka 	Ananas
Plum 			Aloobukara
Pomegranate 	Madhulam 	Maadhala naarnga/ Urumampazham 	Anar
Prunes 	Kodi Mundiri pazham/ கொடிமுந்திரி 		Alubokhara
Raisins 	kismis 	Unakkamunthiri 	Kismis
Sapota/ Sapodilla 	Sapota 	Chikku 	Chikku
Starfruit 	Pulichikai 	Ilumbi Puli 	Kamrakh
Stoneapple 	Vilvam or koovilam 	Koovalam 	Bel/ Siriphal
Strawberry 			
Sweetlime 	Chaatukudi 	Musambi or Madhuranaaranga 	Mosambi
Tamarind 	Puli 		
Water Chestnut 			Singhara
Watermelon 	Tarboosni 	Thannimathan 	Tarbooz / kalingad
White goosefoot 			Bathua 

Butter 	Vennai 	Venna 	Makhan
Buttermilk 	Moru 	Mor 	
Cream 	Paal Aadai 		
Curd(Yogurt) 	Thayir 	Thayir 	Dahi
Ghee 	Neyi 	Neyi 	Ghee
Milk 	Paal 	Paal 	Dhuth 

Arrowroot 		Koovaraku 	Tikora/ Paniphal
Ashguard 	Sambhal Pusani 	Kumbalainga 	Petha
Artichokes 			Sharifa/Shalifa
Asparagus 		Satawari 	Shatwar/ Sootmooli / Musli
Beetroot 	Beetroot 	Beetroot 	Chukander
Bitterguard 	Pavakai, Pagarkkai 	Kaipakai / Pavakka 	Karela
Bok Choy 			
Bottleguard 	Suraikai 	Churakkai 	Lauki
Brinjal (Eggplant/Aubergines) 	Katharikai 	Vazhuthananga 	Baingan
Broad Beans 	Avarai 	Amarakka 	Papdi / Vaal
Broccoli 	Pachai Poo Goshu 		Hari Gobhi
Brussels Sprouts 			Choti Ghobi
Cabbage 	Muttaikose 	Muttakkos 	Pattagobi
Capsicum(Bell Pepper) 	Kodamilagai 	Kudamulaku 	Simla Mirch
Carrot 	Mangal mullangi 	Carrot 	Gajar
Cauliflower 	Kovipoo 	Cauliflower 	Phoolgobi
Celery 			Celery
Chilli 	Pacha milagai 	Pacha Mulaku 	Harimirch
Cluster Beans 	Kothavarangai 	Kothamarakka 	Gavar
Colocasia leaves 	Seppam ilaigal 	Chembu Ila 	Patrel / Patra
Colocasia roots (Taro root) 	Seppan kizhangu 	Chembu 	Arbi
Cowpea 	Karamani 		Lobia
Cucumber 	Velarikai 	Vellarikka 	Kheera / Kakdi
Drumstick 	Murungakai 	Muringakaya 	Shingh phali
Endive 			Gulsuchal
Fennel 			Moti Saunf
French Beans 			Fansi
Garlic 	Poondu 	veluthulli 	Lahsun
Gherkins (Pickling Cucumbers) 			Gherkins
Ginger 	Inji 	Inji 	Adrak
Gooseberry 	Nellikai 	Nellikka 	Amla
Ivy gourd 	Kovai kai 	Kovaikka 	Tindoora
Knolkol (kholrabi) 	Noolkol 	Seemamullangi 	Gathgobi
Lemon 	Kolinchi pazham 	Cheru narangai 	Nimbu
Lime 	Elumichai 	Cheru narangai 	Nimbu
Lotus Root 	Thamarai Kilangu 	Thamara Kilangu 	Kamal Kakdi
Mushroom 	Kalan 	Koonu 	Khumb / Guchhi
Napa Cabbage 			
Okra(Ladiesfinger) 	Vendakai 	Vendakaya 	Bhindi
Onion 	Vengayam 	Valia Ulli / Savala 	Pyaz
Pearl Onion (Shallot Onion) 	Chinna Vengayam 	Chuvanna Ulli / Cheriya Ulli 	
Plantain flower 	Vazhaipoo 	Vazha Koombu / Vazha Poo 	Kele ka phool
Plantain pith 	Vazhai thandu 	Vazha Pindi / Vazha Thandu 	Kele ka guda
Pointed Guard 			Parwal
Potato 	Urulai kilangu 	Urala Kizhangu 	Aloo / Batata
Pumpkin 	Poosanikai 	Matthanga 	Kaddu
Purple Yam 			Surti Kand
Radish 	Mullangi 	Mullangi 	Mooli
Raw Banana 	Vazhakai 	Vazhakkai / Mondankai 	Kela
Raw Jackfruit 	Pallakai 	Chakka 	Kathal
Raw Mango 	Paccha Maanga 	Paccha Maanga 	Kaccha Aam / Keri
Ridge Gourd 	Peerkangai 	Peechchinga 	Tori / Thurai
Snake Gourd 	Pudalangai 	Padavalanga 	Chichinda / Padval
Spinach 	Keerai 	Cheera 	Paalak
Sweet Potato 	Cheeni Kilangu / Sarkaraivalli Kizhangu 	Madhura Kizhangu 	Shakarkand / Ratalu
Tapioca 	Maravalli Kilangu 	Maricheeni kilangu 	Simla Aloo
Tomato 	Thakkali 	Thakkali 	Tamatar
Turnip 	Kocchu Kilangu 		Shalgam
Water Chestnuts 			Shingara
White goose foot 			Bathua
Yam 	Karuna Kilangu 	Chena 	Sooran
Zucchini 			Tori/ turaii 

Almond 	Badam 		Badam
Aniseed 	Sombu 	Perumjeeragam 	Saunf
Asaefoetida 	Perungayam 	Kaayam 	Hing
Basil Seeds 			Tukmaria
Bay Leaf 	Talishapattari 	Karuvaela 	Tej Patta
Black Salt 			Kala Namak
Cashewnuts 	Mundiriparuppu 	Andiparuppu 	kaju
Caraway seeds 			Shahi Jeera
Cardomon 	Ellakai 	Ellaka 	Elaichi
Carom Seeds (Thymol seeds) 	Omam 	Vaum 	Ajwain
Cinnamon 	Pattai 	Patta / Karuvappatta 	Dalchini
Cloves 	Krambu(Lavangam) 	Kirambu 	Lavang
Coconut 	Thengai 	Thenga 	Nariyal
Corriander Seeds 	Kotthamalli 	Malli 	Dhania
Cumin seeds 	Jeeragam 	Jeerakam 	Jeera
Dry fenugreek leaves 			Kasoori Methi
Dry Ginger 	Chukku 	Chukku 	Saunth
Dry Mango powder 	Maangai thool 		Amchoor
Dried Pumpkin / Water Melon seeds 			Magaz
Dry Red Chilly 	Vattal milagai 		Sukhi Lalmirch
Fennal seeds 	Sombu 	Perumjeeragam 	Saunf
Fenugreek seeds 	Vendayam 	Uluva 	Methi dhana
Flax seed/ Linseed 	Ali vidai, Alivirai 	Cheruchana Vithu 	Alsi
Jaggery 	Vellam 	Sarkkara 	Gur
Mace 	Jathipoo 	Jathipoo / Jaathipathri 	Javitri
Mustard seeds 	Kadugu 	Kadugu 	Rai/Sarson
Nigella(Onion seeds) 			Kalonji
Nutmeg 	Jathikai/ Paaku 	Jathikka 	Jaiphal
Palm Sugar 	Karupatti 		
Peanuts(Groundnuts) 	Nilakkadala 	Kapalandi 	
Peppercons 	Milagu 	Gurumulaku 	Kaali mirch
Pinenut 			Chilgoza
Pistachio 	pista paruppu 		Pista
Pomegranate seeds 			Anardhana
Poppy Seeds 	Kasa kasa 	Kas kas 	khus khus
Saffron 	Kungumapoo 	Kungumapoove 	Kesar
Salt 	Uppu 	Uppu 	Namak
Sesame seeds 	Ellu 	Ellu 	Til
Star Anise 	Magambhu/Anisu 	Takkolam 	Anasphal
Sugar 	Chakkarai 	Panchasarai 	Cheeni
Tamarind 	Puli 	Puli 	Imli
Thymol seeds (Carom seeds) 	Omam 	Vaum 	Ajwain
Turmeric Powder 	Manchal 	Manjal 	Haldi
Walnut 			Akrot 

Azuki Beans (Red Beans) 		Perum Payaru 	Red Chori
Bengal gram 	kadalaparuppu 	Kadalaparippu 	Chana dal
Black eye beans 			Lobia Phali
Black gram 	Ulunthampayaru 	Uzhunnuparippu 	Urad dal
Brown Peas 		Vanpayar 	
chick peas/ Garbanzo beans 	Kondai kadalai/ Kabul kadalai 		Channa
Corn 	Makka cholam 		Makai
Cow peas 	Karamani 		
Flax seed/ Linseed 	Ali vidai 	Cheruchana Vithu 	Alsi
Foxtail Millet 	Tinai 		
Green gram 	Payathampayaru 	Cheruparipu 	Moong dal
Green Peas 	Pattani 		Matar
Kidney Beans 			Rajma
Lima Beans 	Mochai 	Amarapayar 	
Maize 	Makka cholam 		Bhutta
Oats 			Jaee
Peanuts/ Groundnuts 	Nilakadalai 	kapalandi 	Moongfali
Pearl Millet 	Cambu(Kambu) 	Kamboo 	Bajri/ Bajra
Pigeon Peas 	Thuvaramparupu 	Thuvaraparippu 	Toordal
Ragi (Finger Millet) 	Kizhvaragu 	Muthari 	Mundal
Red gram 			Arhar
Wheat 	Godhumai 	Godhambu 	Gehu 
  Paneer is the Indian cheese made by curdling hot and boiling milk with lemon juice. Once the milk is curdled, the curds is seperated from the whey using a muslin cloth. It is then pressed and cut into cubes and used in many many exotic indian dishes. Paneer is very rich and delicious which can be used to make many gravies. Making paneer at home is unbeleivably very simple. All that is needed is milk, lemon and a nice piece of cloth. Here comes the recipe for a simple home made paneer.
 
Ingredients 
Milk - 1 liter
Lime - 1
fold in a cloth and hang or place a weight on top
Method
1. Bring the milk to a boil and then reduce the heat to simmer. 
2. Add the juice of one fresh lime into the milk.
3. Keep stirring as the milk curdles and seperates into curds called paneer and a thin liquid called whey. 
4. Place a thin white cloth(or muslin cloth) over another vessel and pour this mixture through it to filter out the paneer. 
5. Now tie and hang the cloth with the paneer inside so that all the whey drains off (for 10-20 min).
6. Place the paneer on a flat surface and place a heavy object(jug of water/box) on top so as to flatten it out. 
7. Let it stay this way for atleast half an hour or 1 hour.
8. Next open cloth and cut paneer into cubes.


Panneer/ Tofu - 15 small cubes
Salt -1 tsp
Ginger Garlic  paste -1 tbsp
Corn flour -2 tbsp
Water -little to form as a paste
Egg -1
All purpose flour -1tbsp
 
Batch -2
Oil -for frying
Cumin seeds -1/2 tsp
Ginger Garlic  paste -1 tbsp
Green chilli -1 or 2 chopped
Onion    -1/2 chopped
Coriander Powder  -1 tbsp
Chilli Garlic sauce  - 1 tbsp
Colored Peppers  - Red or yellow Chopped 1/2 cup
Chilli powder -1/2 tsp
Soy sauce -1 tsp
Cury leaves - 2 strands
Salt   -as per taste
Lime juice -2 tsp
Coriander Leaves -chopped for garnishing

Fried paneer/ tofu

 
Chilli paneer with fried paneer
Method
1.Mix all the ingredients in Batch-1 except paneer.Now add the paneer/tofu to the mixture and toss well to coat the paneer/tofu pieces nicely.
2.Fry the paneer/tofu pieces in oil and keep aside.
(You can skip the above 2 steps if the paneer/tofu is very fresh. Frying enhances the flavour considerably.)
3.Take a pan and heat some oil. Add cumin seeds, GG paste and saute for 1 minute.
4.Add onions and saute a little.
5.Add the remaining ingredients under batch-2 and saute for 3 minutes
6.Now add the fried panneer/tofu to this mixture and saute for 2 mins.
7.Yummy dry chilli panneer/tofu is ready. 

Ingredients
oil- 1 tbsp 
onion - 1
green pepper - 1
bread cubes - 2 tblsp
paneer grated - 1/2 cup 
tomato ketchup - 2 tbsp 
chilli sauce - 1 tbsp 
pepper powder - 1/4 tsp 
salt - to taste
Coriander leaves - handful
Grated cheese - 1/4 th cup

Method
1. Heat oil in a pan, fry onions & capsicum for 5 mins. 
2. Add bread cubes, grated paneer, tomato ketchup, chillisauce, salt, pepper powder and chopped cilantro. mix well.
3. Apply butter on toasted bread. 
4. spread the above mixture and spinkle some grated cheese on top. 
5. Grill until the chesese melts.

  Bajji or Pakoras or Pakodas are a famous snack all over India. It can be found in five star hotels, small shops, road side stalls and seashores shops. It is a versatile recipe that can be made with any vegetable available on hand. The vegetable is thinly sliced, dipped in gram flour batter and then deep fried. 
                Some of the popular bajjis/pakoras are vazhakkai bajji, made with raw banana, vengaya baji (Pyaz Pakora), made with onion circles, cauliflower bajji/pakora, urilai kilangu bajji (aloo pakora), made with potato slices, bread bajji/pakoda, palak pakoda, made with spinach leaves, kathrikai bajji (bainghan pakora), made with brinjal slices, paneer pakora/bajji and milagai bajji (mirchi pakora), made with banana peppers.
Other vegetables can also be used to make bajji/pakoras like zucchini bajji/pakora, brocooli bajji/pakoras, mushroom bajji/pakoras , paneer pakoras, tofu bajji/pakoras, soya chunks pakodas  etc. Non veg lovers can make shrimp bajji/pakoras or chicken bajji/pakoras (with chicken strips). When hard boiled eggs are used to make the bajjis, it is called mutta bonda (Egg Bonda).Whatever you use, the recipe is the same. You can make this as an appetizer or as an evening snack with tea.

Ingredients
Besan (Gram Flour/ Chickpea Flour) – as needed (start with 1/2 cup)
Assorted Vegetables – depending on availablity (Raw Banana, Potatoes, Bread Slices, Banana Peppers, Cauliflower, Onion etc)
Red Chili Powder – 1 tsp or to taste
Roasted Cumin Powder – 1/2 tsp
Turmeric Powder – 1/4 tsp
Baking Soda – 1/4 tsp
Water – as needed to make batter
Salt – to taste
Oil – for deep frying

Malai Kofta is a vegetarian delicasy that goes very well with naan and pulav. It is a vegetarian version of meatballs. In this small balls made out of grated vegetables(koftas) are fried/baked and dipped in a creamy rich sauce. It is an all time favorite in any indian restaurant. The non veg version of the same can be made by substituting the vegetable balls with meat balls which can be called meatball malai kofta.
 
Ingredients
To make Kofta
Potatos- 2 (Boiled and Mashed)
Vegetables (Carrots, Beans, Cauliflower, green peas, sweet corn etc) - 1 1/2 cup (Cooked)
Grated paneer/ cheese - 1 cup
Bread slice - 1 (Soaked in water)
Bread crumbs - 1/2 packet or as needed
Chilli Powder -1 tsp
Garam masala - 1 tsp
Lemon juice - 1/2 tsp
Salt - 1 tsp or as needed
Oil - for frying
Green Chilli - 1 (Cut into small pieces) 

For Gravy
Onions - 2 or 3 (pureed)
Tomatoes - 4 or 5 (pureed)
Ginger Garlic green chilly paste - 2 tblsp
Cashews - 4-5 (powdered)
Chilli Powder - 1 tsp
Corriander, Cumin powder - 2 tsp
Garam masala - 1/2 tsp
Butter - 1 tbsp
Thick Cream - 3/4 cup
Salt - to taste

(Paneer Makhani, Paneer Makhanwala, Indian Cheese Curry, Paneer Kurma) Ingredients
Paneer - 1/2 lb (250 gms)
Onion - 1 big/2 small (chopped)
Ginger Garlic Paste - 1 tblsp
Tomato - 3 small/ 2 big (blanched and pureed)
Cashew Paste - 2 tblsp
Chilly Powder - 2 tsp (or to taste)
Corriander Powder - 1 tsp
Garam Masala Powder - 1/2 tsp
Turmeric Powder - 1/4 tsp
Kasoori Methi (dry) - 1 tsp
Cumin Seeds (Shahi Jeera) - 1/2 tsp
Butter - 2-3 tblsp
Oil - 1 tsp
Orage-red food colour - 1/4 tsp
Salt - to taste
Heavy Cream (Fresh Cream) - 1/4 cup 
Cilantro - for garnish (finely chopped)
  
Method
1. Heat little oil in a pan, and saute the onions till it sweats and cooks nicely. You need not brown it.
2. Let it cool nicely and then puree the mixture.
3. In a different pan, melt the butter and splutter some cumin seeds.
4. Add the onion puree to this and fry for few minutes.
5. Add the ginger garlic paste and fry for another minute.
6. Add the turmeric powder, tomato puree, cashew paste, kasoori methi, chilly powder and corriander powder.
7. Reduce the flame and let the mixture cook for 5 minutes.
8. Add about a cup of water, food colour and required salt and let the gravy come to a boil.
9. Add the garam masala powder, paneer cubes and the heavy cream/evaporated milk and let the whole gravy cook for another 5 minutes till all the flavours blend together.
10. Garnish with finely chopped cilantro or freash cream and serve with naan, roti or pulav.
 
Tips
   - You can fry the paneer cubes before adding to the gravy.
   - To reduce the calories, you could add evaporated milk or fat free half and half or fat free milk instead of heavy cream. In that case do not add water. 


(Tofu Bhurji, Paneer Burji, Vegan Scambled Egg)
Ingredients
Tofu/ Paneer - 1/2 lb (grated/scrambled)
Onion - 1 (finely chopped)
Green Chillies - 2 (chopped or slit)
Pepper Powder - 1/2 tsp
Chicken Masala -  2 tsp (You can also use 1/2 tsp each of chilly powder, corriander powder and cumin powder instead)
Turmeric Powder - 1/4 tsp
Salt - to taste
Oil - 1 tblsp
Mustard Seeds - 1 tsp
Corriander Leaves - handful (chopped)

Optional Ingredients
Coconut (grated) - 1/4 cup
Tomato - 1 (Chopped)
Method
1. Heat oil in a pan and pop the mustard seeds. 
2. Add the onions and green chillies. Saute them till it becomes soft.
3. Add the scrambled paneer and toss well. (You can add other vegetables like carrot, capsicum, green peas etc and cook it before adding the paneer.)
4. Add pepper powder, chicken masala and salt.
5. Stir fry on a medium high heat for 2-3 minutes.
6. Switch off and garnish with chopped cilantro.

Variations

   - Vegetarians can make this veg scrambled egg with paneer and vegans can enjoy this with tofu.
   - You can add grated coconut, chopped tomatoes, chaat masala etc while making the burji and enjoy in different flavours.

Serving Suggestion
 - This can be served as a sidedish for chappatti, naan, phulka or rice.
 - It can be stuffed inside bread to make sandwiches.



(Chapatti Kurma, Hotel Kurma, Parotta kurma, Veg Chalna)

Mixed vegetable kurma is very famous in South India served as a side dish for chapati, parotta, idiyappam and aapam. Although in hotels this kurma is served with many dishes, the most famous of all is 'Chapatti kurma'. It has many variations from place to place. It is very easy to make but tastes delicious.
Ingredients
Onion - 1 (finely chopped)
Ginger garlic paste - 1 tsp
Cumin seeds - 1 tsp
Yoghurt - 2 tblsp
Oil - 1 tblsp
Bay Leaf - 1
Salt - to taste
Coriander powder - 1 tsp
Cumin Powder - 1 tsp
Coriander Leaves (Cilantro) - for garnishing

Mixed Vegetables 

  You have to add about 2-3 cups of chopped mixed vegetables. Do not get restricted to traditional peas, beans, potatoes and carrots. Feel free to add vegetables like bottle gourd, yam, pumpkin, corn, beetroot, knol khol, chow chow, cauliflower etc.. In fact every vegetable imparts a unique flavour to the kurma. You can also add other ingredients like dried beans, sprouts, soya chunks, paneer cubes, mushroom etc. Feel free to modify to your taste.
For kurma masala

Grated coconut  - 1/2 cup
Fennel seeds (Saunf, Sombu)  - 1 tsp
Roasted gram dhal (Pottu kadalai) - 1 tblsp
Cashew nuts - 2-3
Poppy seeds - 2 tsp
Cinnamon - 1" piece
Cloves - 1 
Cardamom - 1
Green Chilli - 2-3

Optional Ingredients
Tomato - 1
Turmeric Powder - 1/4 tsp
Red Chilli Powder - 1 tsp
Ghee - 1 tsp
Method
Grind all the ingredients under 'For Kurma Masala' with little water and keep aside.
Chop all the vegetables into small cubes.
Heat oil in a kadai/pan and add the bay leaf.
Add the cumin seeds followed by chopped onions.
Sauté till it becomes transparent. Next add the ginger garlic paste.
Add the coriander powder, cumin powder and all the vegetables.
Add little water and salt. Cover and cook for about 7 minutes or till the vegetables become soft.
Next add the ground paste, yoghurt and bring it to a boil.
Lower the heat and simmer for about 5 minutes. 

(The kurma should not be watery, so add water only if needed. In fact if you want more liquid, add little milk to adjust the consistency. Milk is optional but makes the kurma very creamy and tasty. )
Finally garnish with coriander leaves and serve.

Tips and suggestions
 - The above recipe makes a pale coloured kurma. Some people like to add a little more colour. If you like it that way add all the 'optional ingredients' while cooking the vegetables. 
       Sambhar is a south indian dish made with lentils (usually toor dal) and vegetables and served with rice, idlis or dosa optionally topped with a spoon of ghee.
             The variations in sambhar depends on the vegetable/combination of vegetables used. The common types of sambhar that are made are onion sambhar, murungakkai (drumstick) sambhar, mulangi (radish) samhar, manga (raw mango) sambhar, vendakka (ladies finger) sambhar, Potato Sambhar, Masoor Dal Sambhar, Pasi paruppu (Green gram dal) sambhar etc.
 
Ingredients
Pigeon Peas (Toor dal) - 3/4 cup (You can also use masoor dal or green gram dal or a combination of dals)
Vegetables (any choice of a single/mixed vegetables) - 1 cup
(The choice of vegetables can include brinjal, potato, radish, drumstick, spinach, shallot onions, tomato, raw mango, carrot, zucchini, yellowsquash, lima beans, pumpkin, yam, taroroot, okra, knolkhol etc)
Shallot Onions - 8- 10 (or 1 onion chopped)
Green Chilly - 1 or 2
Tomatoes - 1
Tamarind Juice - 1 1/2 tblsp
Sambhar powder (store bought or home made) - 1 tblsp (you can increase to your taste)
Mustard seeds - 1/4 tsp
Cumin seeds - 1/4 tsp
Fenugreek seeds - 5-7 seeds
Dry red Chillies - 2
Curry leaves - 2 strands
Cilantro - for garnish
Boil the toor dal with the tomato, 2.5 cups of water and optionally 2 cloves of garlic. You can cook it using the pressure cooke for 3 whistles. Alternatively cook it in a normal vessel till it is a bit overcooked and is almost mashed up.
After the pressure is released, mash the dal using the back of a spoon or with hand .
Heat oil in a  deep vessel and splutter the mustard seeds, cumin seeds, fenugreek seeds, dry red chillies, curry leaves and asafoetida.
Saute the onions and green chillies.
Add the veggies to this and cook it till the veggies are soft with enough water.
(Alternatively you can cook the vegetables using a microwave and add it. You can also cook the vaggies along with the dal in the cooker itself. If you have a double decker pressure cooker container, you can cook the dal in one and the veggies in the other.)
After the veggies are cooked, add the tamarind juice, salt, sambhar powder and the
mashed dal.
Add enough water and bring it to a boil. Reduce the flame and simmer for 20 minutes for the flavours to blend. A nice aroma of sambhar will be filled throughout the house.
Garnish with finely chopped cilantro and switch off.
Serve with rice, idli and dosa varieties. You can add a tsp of ghee on the sambhar while serving to enhance the flavour.
 
Tips  
    - You can add little coconut milk/grated coconut while cooking the sambhar for a nice taste.
    - You can also make masoor dal sambhar, green gram (pasi paruppu) sambhar too.
    - You can also skip the tamarind and add 2-3 additional tomatoes to make sambhar. Usually this is done for making idli sambhar.
    - Some people like to add a spoonful of sugar or jaggery to the sambhar.
    - When you make the sambhar with home made spice mix (sambhar powder), it is called arachu vitta sambhar. 

 Ingredients 
Chicken/ Turkey breast - 1
Spinach - 1/2 cup
Green chillie - 1
Chilly powder - 1/2 tsp
Corriander powder - 1/2 tsp
Cumin powder - 1/4 tsp
Garam masala - a pinch
Turmeric powder - a pinch
Ginger garlic paste - 1 tsp
Cumin powder - 1/4 tsp
Salt - to taste
Lemon juice - 2tsp
Yogurt - 2 tblsp
Method
Wash the chicken/turkey breast and sclice it into thin layers about 1 inch thick.
 Mix all the spices (garam masala, chilly powder, ginger garlic paste, corriander 
powder, cumin powder, turmeric powder and salt) with yogurt and add the lemon juice to it.
Apply the marinade on the chicken/turkey layers and let it rest in the refrigerator for atleast half and hour. Overnight marination would be excellent.
While the chicken/turkey rests, heat some oil in a pan. Temper some cumin seeds.
Add the green chillies and spinach with little salt. Let it cook for few minutes until the spinach wilts.Switch off and let it cool.
 Once it is cool enough, grind it into a coarse paste.
Spread this spinach chutney on the chicken/turkey layers.
Roll the chicken/turkey as shown in the picture. Use toothpicks to hold the chicken in place.
Fry the rolls in oil or bake it in an oven preheated to 300 degrees for 20 minutes or until done.
Remove the toothpicks and serve. Few drops of lemon juice can be added at the end. 

  Pav Bhaji is a fast food which is found both in road side stalls as well as in big hotels. The bhaji is finger lickingly delicious made with potatoes and other mixed vegetables. It gets its flavors from the pav bhaji masala (a special blend of spices), onion, cilantro and lemon juice. The pav (bun) served with the bhaji is buttered and toasted.
           Traditionally pav bhaji is prepared using a big iron griddle (tawa). The vegetables are cooked, mashed and flavored in the tawa. At home it can easily be prepared using a pressure cooker and a flat pan. This can be served as a light meal or as an evening snack.
 
Ingredients
Potatoes - 2 (cubed)
Mixed Vegetables - about 2 cups (You can use whatever vegetables that you have on hand. The vegetables may include (but not limited to) carrots, cauliflower, cabbage, beetroot, radish, brinjal, capsicum, zucchini, beans etc.)
Green Peas - 1/4 cup
Onion - 1 (chopped)
Tomatoes - 3 or 4 (crushed)
Green Chillies - 2 
Ginger garlic paste - 1 tsp
Pav Bhaji Masala - 2 tblsp
Lemon Juice - 1 tblsp
Butter - 3-4 tblsp
Cilantro - for garnish
Onion - 1/2 (chopped for garnish)
Lemon Wedges - for garnish
  
Method
Take a pressure cooker, add the onions, patatoes, mixed vegetables, green peas, green chillies, about 1 cup water and salt. Cook for 2-3 whistles.
After the pressure goes down, mash all the cooked vegetables using a potato masher or with the back of a thick spoon. 
Heat the butter in a flat wide pan and add the ginger garlic paste to it. Add the tomatoes and let it cook for 8-10 minutes.
Add the pav bhaji masala,  the mashed up vegetables and the lemon juice.
Let it cook till it becomes a very thick gravy.
Garnish with chopped onions, lemon wedges, a blob of butter or cilantro. Serve piping hot with toasted pav buns, burger buns, hot dog buns or white bread. 

Loose chilli prawns are crispy and spicy snack or appetizer made with batter coated prawns, deep fried until done and then tossed in a spicy chilli masala. This is an awesome flavourful snack keeping the prawns crisp on the exterior side and soft and juicy inside. Loose chilli prawns are the easiest way to cook spicy prawns and can be done rather quickly as well. In this recipe, first the prawns are batter coated and then deep fried to give a crunch and crispness to the prawns. This also enables the prawns to hold its texture well when it gets cooked in a spicy chilli masala. The sautéing of prawns in the spicy chilli masala enables the juices to penetrate into the prawns giving it a spicy and tangy taste. Prawns or Shrimps is excellent and delicate seafood next to fish. It blends well other flavours and is fast to cook. It is believed to be the most popular exceptional seafood that is low in calories and saturated...


Ingredients

    Paneer (cottage cheese), cut into cubes Fried
    Fresh cream
    cup
    Oil
    tablespoons
    Cumin seeds
    teaspoon
    Asafoetida
    a pinch
    Tomato, pureed
    Red chilli powder
    Turmeric powder
    Nutmeg powder
    Sugar
    Garam masala
    Salt
    to taste

Heat oil in a non stick pan, add cumin seeds and asafetida. Saute for thirty seconds. Add tomato puree and mix well.
Add red chilli powder, turmeric powder, nutmeg powder and mix well. Lower the heat and cook till the oil surfaces.
Add cardamom powder, sugar and salt to taste. Mix well. Add cottage cheese pieces and fresh cream. All the mixture to boil. Serve with roti.

Ingredients

    Prunes chopped
    Paneer (cottage cheese) grated
    Spinach blanched and pureed
    Oil shallow fry
    Cashewnuts chopped
    Gram flour (besan) roasted
    Green chilli chopped
    Green cardamom powder
    Mace powder
    Crushed black peppercorns
    Salt
    to taste
    Mint chutney

Method
Heat two tablespoons oil in a non-stick pan. Add spinach puree and saute till the moisture evaporates and the spinach gets cooked.
Add cashewnuts, roasted gram flour, green chillies, green cardamom powder, mace powder, crushed peppercorns and salt and mix well. Remove and allow to cool.
Divide the mixture into equal portions and stuff each portion with prunes. Flatten them and shape them into a round tikki. Heat oil in a non-stick tawa and shallow fry the tikkis till golden brown in color. Serve hot with mint chutney.




Recipes » Paneer Koftas
Paneer Koftas

Deep fried paneer balls served with a onion-tomato gravy.

This recipe is contributed by Member priyanka bhardwaj.
Preparation Time :
Cooking time : 
Main Ingredients

Paneer, Onion
Cuisine

Hyderabadi
Course

Main Course-Veg
Level Of Cooking

Medium
Print Favourites Email
Ingredients

    Paneer mashed
    Onion finely chopped
    Salt
    to taste
    Raisins
    Tomato
    oil
    Ginger-garlic paste
    Kashmiri red chilli powder
    Coriander powder
    Milk
    cream

Preparation
Mix together cottage cheese, half of the onion, salt and raisins in a bowl.
Grind remaining onions and tomato to a fine paste. Divide into small portions and roll into balls.
Heat oil in a kadai. Deep fry the balls on medium heat till golden brown.
Heat one tablespoon oil in a non stick pan. Add onion-tomato puree and sauté for five to six minutes. Add ginger-garlic paste and sauté for two minutes more.
Add chilli powder, turmeric powder, coriander powder and salt and mix well. Cook for one minute.
Add milk and simmer for two to three minutes. Add dry fruit paste and mix well. Add fresh cream. Check the seasonings.
Add the fried balls and mix.Cover with a lid and cook for three to four minutes.
Serve hot.


Recipes » Cashew And Paneer With Broccoli
Cashew And Paneer With Broccoli

Paneer and broccoli tossed with cashewnuts and cooked in oriental sauce

This is an exclusive website recipe.
Preparation Time : 
Cooking time : 
Cashew And Paneer With Broccoli
Main Ingredients

Cashewnuts,roasted, Paneer (cottage cheese),cut into 1 inch cubes
Cuisine

Oriental
Course

Main Course-Veg
Level Of Cooking

Medium
Print Favourites Email
Ingredients

    Cashewnuts,roasted
    Paneer (cottage cheese),cut into 1 inch cubes
    Broccoli,blanched
    Oil
    Garlic,crushed
    Green chillies,chopped
    Soy sauce
    Red chilli sauce
    Tomato ketchup
    Salt
    to taste
    Black pepper powder
    to taste
    Spring onion greens,chopped

Heat oil in a non stick pan. Add garlic and sauté till golden brown. Add green chillies and sauté for another half minute.
Add cashewnuts, paneer and broccoli and toss well. Add soy sauce, red chilli sauce, tomato ketchup, salt and black pepper powder and mix well.
Cook for three to four minutes more. Serve hot garnished with spring onion greens.

Ingredients

    Paneer (cottage cheese)
    450 grams
    Lemon grass
    Lemon leaves
    Ginger
    Green chillies
    Carrots
    Babycorns
    Button mushrooms
    Broccoli
    a few flor
    Fresh coriander leaves
    a small bu
    Spring onions
    Peanuts
    Green capsicums
    Basil leaves
    Tomatoes
    Cumin seeds
    Coriander seeds
    Peppercorns
    Cloves
    Oil
    Salt
    to taste
    Coconut milk
    Lemon juice

Cut the paneer into half inch sized cubes. Wash and chop lemon grass. Wash and wipe dry lemon leaves. Peel, wash and grate ginger. Remove stems, wash and chop green chillies. Peel, wash and finely slice carrots. Wash and chop baby corns and mushrooms. Wash broccoli and drain. Clean, wash and chop coriander leaves. Peel, wash and chop spring onions.
Roast peanuts and remove skin. Grind coarsely. Wash, deseed and cut capsicum into cubes. Clean and wash basil leaves and drain well. Wash tomatoes and slice thinly. Heat three cups of water in a pan. Add half of the lemon grass, lemon leaves, ginger and green chillies. Boil for five minutes. Strain and keep the stock aside. Make a paste of coriander leaves, spring onions, cumin seeds, coriander seeds, pepper corns, cloves and the remaining lemon grass.
Heat oil in a pan, add carrots, baby corns and mushrooms and cook for two to three minutes. Add broccoli and continue to stir fry. Add the ground paste and stir. Add the stock and mix. Add paneer cubes and bring to a boil. Add crushed roasted peanuts and mix. Add capsicum cubes, basil leaves and salt. Mix well. Add coconut milk, tomato slices and lemon juice. Let it simmer for two to three minutes. Serve hot with steamed rice.
Dried red chillies
Paneer (cottage cheese) cut into 1/2 inch pieces
Tomato chilli sauce
Ginger-garlic paste
Refined flour (maida)
Spring onions
Oil
Red capsicum chopped
Green capsicum chopped
Yellow capsicum chopped
Salt
to taste


Home » Recipes » Honeyed Sichuan Paneer With Sesame
Honeyed Sichuan Paneer With Sesame

Sichuan style cottage cheese with hint of honey.

This is an exclusive website recipe.
Preparation Time 
Cooking time 
Honeyed Sichuan Paneer With Sesame
Main Ingredients

Paneer (cottage cheese),1 inch cubes, Honey
Cuisine

Chinese
Course

Main Course-Veg
Level Of Cooking

Medium
Calories

Carbohydrates

Protein

Fat

Fibers

1.36
Print Favourites Email
Ingredients

    Paneer (cottage cheese),1 inch cubes
    Honey
    Sesame seeds (til),toasted
    Cornflour/ corn starch
    Soy sauce
    Oil + to deep fry
    Ginger,chopped
    Garlic,chopped
    Red chilli paste
    MSG
    Salt
    to taste
    Pickled cucumber,sliced
    Spring onion greens,chopped

Method
Mix one-tablespoon cornflour and one tablespoon soy sauce and roll the paneer cubes in it. Heat sufficient oil in a wok and deep fry till golden. Drain and place on an absorbent paper.
Heat two tablespoons of oil in another wok. Add ginger and garlic and sauté for about half a minute. Add red chilli paste, MSG and salt. Add one and a half cups of water and bring the mixture to a boil.
Add rest of the cornflour dissolved in half a cup of water and cook till the sauce thickens. Add fried paneer pieces and honey. Stir lightly. Add pickled cucumbers and spring onion greens and mix lightly. Garnish with lightly toasted sesame seeds and serve hot.

Sichuan style cottage cheese with hint of honey.


Ingredients

    Paneer (cottage cheese) cut into 1 inch diamonds
    Pineapple cut into 1 inch pieces
    Oil
    Cornflour/ corn starch
    Onion ,quartered and layers separated
    Tomato sauce
    Sugar
    Pineapple juice
    MSG
    White pepper powder
    Salt
    to taste
    Vegetable stock
    Ginger,finely chopped
    Garlic,finely chopped
    cloves
    Green capsicum,cut into 1 inch pieces
    White vinegar

Method
Heat sufficient oil in a wok. Roll the paneer diamonds in two tablespoons of cornflour and deep-fry on medium heat until the edges start to turn brown. Drain on absorbent paper and set aside. Cut the onion into quarters and separate the layers.
Mix the remaining cornflour in one cup of water. Blend tomato sauce, sugar, pineapple juice, MSG, white pepper powder and salt in one cup of vegetable stock. Heat two tablespoons of oil in a wok or a pan, add ginger and garlic and stir-fry briefly. Add the onion and continue to stir-fry for a minute. Stir in the sauce and spice mix, the remaining vegetable stock and the cornflour mixture.
Cook for a couple of minutes or until the sauce starts to thicken, stirring continuously. Add the fried paneer, pineapple and capsicum. Cook for a minute more or until the sauce coats the paneer pieces. Stir in the vinegar and serve hot.
Vegetarian Paella in Spain!

Currently in the land of senors and senoritas for work, but in a country like Spain its tough to stick to just work, a little play always follows! What is really great is that while work for me is all about food, even leisure and unwinding leads me to food! This is why I love Spain, there is never a dearth of the flavours, recipes and ingredients in this land. Everytime I visit, I take back home a new food experience! Amidst this plethora of food, there is one dish which shines bright like the pole star. This dish is the mighty Paella! Paella is to Spain what Biryani is to India, only more important. Different versions of this wholesome flavourful rice dish are created and recreated across the country. I have been fortunate to taste authentic Paella as well as some contemporary versions of this dish on this trip. Because I am on a work trip, writing at leisure is not one of the luxuries I have. So, I am quickly going to share with you 2 recipes for Paella.

One is a classic seafood Paella, which is how they make it in Spain. Another one is not really a Paella but a vegetarian spaghetti, that is cooked the Paella way and does live up to the taste of one. Now let me tell you a couple of things about Paella so when you try these recipes they turn out perfect.

    Paella is a rice based dish. It is cooked a lot like a risotto. It uses short grain variety of rice. Paella is authentically made with Valencian Rice, which comes from a place called Valenciaon the East Coast of Spain. The idea is for the rice to absorb all the flavours of the stock and other ingredients in your Paella pan. Arborio rice is the closest easily available option to make delicious Paella.

    Traditionally, the meats used in Paella would include snails, chicken, duck and/or rabbit meat. But don’t worry you can make an equally delicious Paella using other more easily available ingredients – it is a freestyle dish! Use sausages, chorizo, chicken, fish, clams, prawns, squid or just vegetables if that’s what suits your liking.

    While making Paella keep in mind you cover and cook it on low heat. This ensures a crispy crust at the bottom of pan which is called socarrat. Perfect Paella should have a perfect crunchy base. These are the bits that everyone scrambles for in Paella.

    A Paella pan is called a paellera. If you don’t own one, any 3-4 cm deep, medium-weight non-stick frying pan should do just perfect.

    Two little ingredients that contribute a lot to the flavours of a Paella are – olive oil and saffron. So, make sure you skip out or compromise on these. Also, make sure the heat is evenly distributed – induction cooktops work great.

                                       CLASSIC SEAFOOD PAELLA

Classic Seafood Paella

Ingredients
 prawns, shelled with tails and head intact and deveined

small fish

 cups rice, half cooked

 tbsps olive oil

 garlic cloves, crushed

 medium onions, roughly chopped

red bell pepper, cut into long strips

yellow pepper, cut into long strips

Crushed black peppercorns to taste

Salt to taste

Sugar to taste

medium tomatoes, roughly chopped

 cup fish stock

A few strands of saffron, dissolved in 2 tbsps milk

 tbsp red chilli flakes

tbsps extra virgin olive oil

fresh basil leaves

cup frozen green peas, soaked

Method

    Heat olive oil in a pan. Add garlic and sauté. Add onions and sauté till translucent. Add red and yellow bell pepper and sauté.

    Add crushed black peppercorns and mix.

    Add prawns, clams, small fish and sauté. Cover and cook for 1-2 minutes.

    Add salt, sugar and tomatoes and mix well. Add rice and mix well. Add fish stock, saffron dissolved in milk and chilli flakes and mix well.

    Add 2 tbsps extra virgin olive oil. Chop basil leaves and add to the Paella pan.

    Add green peas and mix well. Cover and cook for 1-2 minutes.

    Sprinkle some extra virgin olive oil.

    Transfer in a serving plate. Sprinkle some more extra virgin olive oil and serve hot.

                                                                   

                                 SPAGHETTI VEGETABLE PAELLA

Spaghetti Vegetable Paella

Ingredients
brown spaghetti

 large potato

 large red capsicum

 large yellow capsicum

 large green capsicum

 cup green peas

 tbsps extra virgin olive oil

 medium onion

 tbsp chopped garlic

Salt to taste

 cups vegetable stock

 medium tomatoes

¼ tsp turmeric powder

tsp red chilli powder

Few strands of saffron

lemon

Juice of ½ lemon

Method

    Heat extra virgin olive oil in a non-stick pan. Halve onion, slice horizontally thickly and add to the pan and sauté. Quarter and slice potato and add.

    Chop red, yellow and green capsicums.

    Add garlic to the pan and mix. Add capsicums, mix and sauté for 1-2 minutes. Add green peas and salt and mix.

    Break spaghetti into smaller pieces and add to the pan and mix well. Add vegetable stock and mix well.

    Slice tomatoes. Add turmeric powder, red chilli powder and a few strands of saffron and mix well.

    Add tomatoes but do not mix. Cover and cook.

    Cut lemon into thin wedges and remove the seeds and centre pith.

    Add juice of ½ lemon and mix, cover and cook till the vegetables and spaghetti are done.

    Transfer into a serving dish, garnish with lemon wedges and serve hot.

Hope you guys try these recipes, leave a comment below as its always great to hear from you guys.

Given to a foodie that I am, it makes most sense to end with a Spanish phrase “barrigallena, corazon content” which literally means “full stomach happy heart.” 


Ingredients

    Paneer (cottage cheese), cut into 1/2 inch thick pieces - See more at: http://www.sanjeevkapoor.com/h
    Oil
    Cornflour/ corn starch
    Noodles
    Onion
    medium
    Garlic, crushed
    cloves
    Tomato sauce
    tablespoons
    Soy sauce
    tablespoon
    Honey
    tablespoons
    White pepper powder
    teaspoon
    Red chilli paste
    tablespoons
    MSG
    teaspoon
    Salt
    to taste
    Vegetable stock
    cups
    Red chilli flakes
    tablespoon

Method
Heat sufficient oil in a wok, roll the paneer pieces in two tablespoons of cornflour and deep-fry on medium heat until the edges start to turn brown. Drain on absorbent paper. Boil the noodles in sufficient water until almost cooked.
Drain thoroughly. Reheat the oil and deep-fry noodles until crisp. Drain on absorbent paper. Mix remaining cornflour in half a cup of water. Cut the onion into quarters and separate the layers.
Blend the tomato sauce, soy sauce, honey, white pepper powder, red chilli paste, MSG and salt to taste in one cup of vegetable stock. Heat two tablespoons of oil in a pan, add the garlic and stir-fry briefly. Add the onion and continue to stir-fry for half a minute.
Stir in the sauces and spices mix and the remaining vegetable stock. Cook on high heat for two minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in cornflour mixture and continue to cook for a couple of minutes or until the sauce starts to thicken.
Add the fried paneer pieces and cook on medium heat for half a minute or until the sauce coats the paneer pieces. Serve hot on a bed of crispy fried noodles topped with the red chilli flakes.



Ingredients

    Paneer (cottage cheese)
    grams
    Ginger peeled
    inch piece
    Garlic peeled
    cloves
    Green capsicums
    medium
    Oil
    teaspoons
    Gram flour (besan)
    tablespoons
    Turmeric powder
    teaspoon
    White pepper powder
    teaspoon
    Salt
    to taste
    Lemon juice
    tablespoon
    Fennel seed (saunf) powder
    teaspoon
    Saffron (kesar)
    a few strands
    Fresh cream
    cup
    Butter
    for basting
    Chaat masala
    teaspoons
    Lemon juice
    tablespoon

Cut paneer into one and a half inch squares of half-inch thickness. Grind ginger and garlic to a paste. Cut capsicums into one and a half inch squares. Heat oil in a pan. Add besan and cook until it emits a fragrant aroma, remove from heat and add turmeric powder.
Cool flour and transfer into a bowl. Add ginger-garlic paste, white pepper powder, salt, lemon juice, green cardamom powder, fennel powder, saffron and fresh cream. Whisk well to make a batter. Add paneer cubes to the batter and marinate for at least an hour. Thread paneer cubes and caspicum squares onto skewers.
Related Recipes :
Thread PaneerThread Paneer
Smoky Paneer WrapSmoky Paneer Wrap
Spicy Paneer And Spring Onion CanapesSpicy Paneer And Spring Onion Canapes
Tricolor Paneer TikkaTricolor Paneer Tikka
Find similar recipes from books below...
Simply IndianSimply Indian
Khazana of Indian RecipesKhazana of Indian Recipes


Paneer Pasanda

Paneer cooked in fresh indian spices.

Preparation Time :26-30 minutes
Cooking time : 16-20 minutes
Servings 
Paneer Pasanda

Paneer (cottage cheese),
Cuisine

Main Course-Veg
Course

Moghlai
Level Of Cooking

High
Ingredients

    Paneer (cottage cheese)
    Green chillies
    Onions
    Ginger
    Garlic
    cloves
    Cashewnuts
    Raisins
    White pepper powder
    teaspoon
    Salt
    to taste
    Cornflour/ corn starch
    cup
    Oil
    tablespoons + to deep fry + to deep fry
    Bay leaf
    Cloves
    Cinnamon
    stick
    Green cardamoms
    Black peppercorns
    Red chilli powder
    teaspoon
    Turmeric powder
   teaspoon
    Coriander powder
    teaspoon
    Tomato puree
    cups
    Green cardamom powder
    1 teaspoon
    Sugar
    1 tablespoon
    Fresh cream
    1/2 cup

Method
Mash one-fourth quantity of paneer and cut the rest into one and a half inch sized squares with half a centimetre thickness.
Remove stems, wash and finely chop green chillies. Peel, wash and cut onions into quarters.Boil in half a cup of water.Drain excess water and grind to a fine paste.
Peel and wash ginger.Finely chop half inch piece of ginger.Peel, wash garlic and grind it with the remaining piece of ginger.Soak half the cashewnuts in half a cup of warm water for fifteen minutes.Drain and grind to a paste.
Chop the remaining cashewnuts.Wash, pat dry and chop raisins. Mix mashed paneer with chopped cashewnuts, raisins, chopped ginger, white pepper powder and season with salt.
Mix well and stuff this mixture between two slices of paneer. Prepare a thick batter of cornstarch, salt and water.Heat sufficient oil in a kadai, dip stuffed paneer pieces in the batter and deep fry till crisp and golden.
Drain onto an absorbent paper.Heat two tablespoons of oil in another kadai.Add bay leaf, cloves, cinnamon, green cardamoms and peppercorns. Add boiled onion paste. Cook for two minutes.
Add chopped green chillies, ginger-garlic paste, red chilli powder, turmeric powder and coriander powder.Cook for a minute.
Add tomato puree and bring to a boil.Add cashewnut paste dissolved in a little water.Cook for five minutes stirring continuously.
Add salt and green cardamom powder.Add one cup of water and sugar.
Bring to a boil.Add fried paneer pieces and fresh cream and mix.


Cashewnuts
Paneer (cottage cheese),grated
1 cup
Basmati rice,soaked
1 1/2 cups
Salt
to taste
Cornflour/ corn starch
3 teaspoons
Oil
for frying
Ghee
3 tablespoons
Cumin seeds
1 teaspoon
Black cardamoms
Cloves
Black peppercorns
Turmeric powder
1 teaspoon
Milk
1 1/2 cups
- See more at: http://www.sanjeevkapoor.com/Recipe/Kaju-Moti-Pulao-FoodFood.html#sthash.UwJ3UDJB.dpuf
Add salt and cornflour to the grated paneer and shape into small marble-sized balls. Heat sufficient oil in a kadai and deep-fry the paneer balls till golden. Drain on absorbent paper. In the same oil, deep-fry the cashewnuts till light golden. Drain on absorbent paper.
If you wish you can decorate the paneer balls with silver varq. Heat the ghee in a non stick pan, add the cumin seeds, cardamoms, cloves, peppercorns and turmeric powder. Sauté for one minute.
Drain and add the rice and mix. Add one and a half cups water and milk and mix. Add salt and mix. When the mixture comes to a boil, add the fried cashewnuts. Mix and cover the pan and cook till done. Transfer the rice onto a serving plate, garnish with the paneer balls and serve hot.
- See more at: http://www.sanjeevkapoor.com/Recipe/Kaju-Moti-Pulao-FoodFood.html#sthash.UwJ3UDJB.dpuf

 Sprinkle salt on spinach leaves and set aside. Squeeze out excess water.
Heat one tablespoon oil in a non-stick pan. Add spinach and saute for a minute or till the spinach gets cooked.
Add one tablespoon oil in the same pan. Add paneer and saute for a minute.
Add red chilli powder, garam masala powder and salt and saute for a minute.
In a bowl mix together eggs with milk and spring onion greens and mix well.
Heat remaining oil in a non-stick pan. Pour the egg mixture in the pan.
Sprinkle salt and black pepper powder and cook till done on both sides.
Remove and keep it in the serving plate. Put the paneer and spinach filling in it and fold the omelette.
Serve hot sprinkled with red and yellow capsicum.

Place eggs in a pan with four cups of water. Boil for ten minutes. Cool, shell and cut into quarters. Cut the paneer into small pieces and fry in ghee to a pale golden colour.
Drain and set aside. Heat two tablespoons ghee and fry onion paste and minced garlic till golden brown. Add turmeric powder, red chilli powder, pepper powder and salt to taste and continue to fry for thirty seconds. Add tomatoes and cook till ghee separates.
Add one cup of water and cook till dry, then mash to a smooth paste with a wooden spoon. Add one more cup of water, bring to a boil, reduce heat and put in paneer and eggs. Simmer gently for about ten minutes.
Serve hot garnished with garam masala powder and chopped coriander leaves.

Preheat the oven at 180º degrees. Heat two tablespoons olive oil in a non stick pan. Add minced chicken and saute for five minutes. Add chilli powder and cumin powder. Saute till brown. Add taco sauce and saute well.
Add black beans and sweet corn and salt to taste. Mix well. Grease the baking tray with the remaining olive oil. Layer the base of the tray with tortillas. Pour the chicken mixture on top, and sprinkle some cheese. Repeat for the second layer. Bake for fifteen minutes till cheese is slightly brown.
Remove from oven and garnish with black olives and serve hot.


In a bowl mix together potatoes, corn flour, onion, sweet corn, carrot, green chilli paste, ginger garlic paste, mixed herbs and salt.
Mix all the ingredients well. Divide into 5 equal portions. Set aside.
In another bowl mash together, kidney beans, black pepper powder, red chilli sauce and salt.
Divide into 5 equal portions. Set aside.
Make a flat tikki with the potato mixture and place the red kidney bean mixture in the center and cover it well to make a flat sealed tikki. Similarly make the other tikkis.
Heat oil in a kadai, deep fry the tikkis till golden brown and crisp.
Remove on absorbent paper.Cut the buns horizontally in two.
Apply butter on both the breads. Place the fried tikki on one bread and cover with the other bread.
Serve immediately with ketchup.

 In a bowl mix together garlic paste, ginger paste, red chilli powder, rice flour, salt, mutton masala and coriander leaves.
Mix well. Marinate the fish with the mixture and set aside for half an hour. Heat coconut oil in a kadai and deep fry the fish till crisp and golden. Remove on an absorbent paper and serve hot.

 In a small bowl, mix together the vegetable stock, soy sauce and brown sugar and keep it aside.
Heat oil in a large wok and over high heat, add the curry powder and garlic. Stir-fry until fragrant.
Add the onion and saute till translucent. Add the ginger and spring onions and stir-fry until the spring onions soften. Add the capsicum and cabbage and saute for aminute.
Add bean sprouts and cook for a minute then add vermicilli.
Add the sauce, tossing the ingredients carefully to mix. Add salt and black pepper to taste. Serve hot.


Heat olive oil in a pan. Add garlic and sauté for one minute.
Add onions and continue to sauté till translucent.
Stir in tomato concasse and cook till well blended.
Add chilli flakes, herbs, jalapeño chilli, salt and peppercorns.
Add mozarella cheese and mix well.
Stuff the mixture in the pita breads and serve hot.

Boil the whole carrot till done. Drain and cut into half inch thick roundels.
Heat oil in a wok. Add garlic and sauté till lightly coloured.
Add cauliflower and three tablespoons of water and cook for three to four minutes.
Add mushrooms, asparagus and carrot and cook for two minutes.
Add fish sauce, sweet chilli sauce and sugar and stir to mix well.
Transfer onto a serving plate and serve hot.

 Preheat oven to 180° C.
Heat oil in a non-stick pan, add onions and saute for 1-2 minutes. Add garlic and saute till lightly browned.
Add red kidney beans and mix. Add 1 cup water, cover and cook.
Roughly chop tomatoes, puree them in a mixer and add to the pan. Rinse the mixer jar with a little water and add to the pan and mix. Add salt and cook. Add pickled jalapenos and mix.
Heat milk in another pan. Add polenta and cook till thick and creamy. Add salt and lemon zest and mix well.
Put kidney beans mixture in tall cups. Cut cheese into big pieces and put them over the beans.
Put a few coriander leaves and top with polenta. Press lightly and drizzle a little olive oil over each. Cook in the preheated oven for 15 minutes.
Serve hot in the cups.

Boil sufficient water in the deep vessel and blanch the tomatoes for three minutes.
Peel, deseed and chop the tomatoes finely. Cut the avocado in half, remove the pit, scoop the flesh and place them in food processor and process until smooth.
Transfer the process avocado into a bowl, add in chopped tomatoes, lemon juice, onion, garlic, coriander leaves, green chillies and salt and mix. Serve cold with tortilla chips

 Beat the cream until thick. Add the lemon juice and hung yogurt and mix well. Season with salt, mix well and serve. 

For the filling, heat oil in a pan, add garlic and spring onions and sauté till onions are translucent. Add green capsicum and sauté for a minute.
Add salt, oregano, red chili flakes, baked beans and crumbled cottage cheese. Cook till dry. Remove from the heat.
For the sauce, heat oil in another pan, add garlic and sauté for a minute. Add tomato puree, fresh tomato puree, sugar, red chilli flakes, oregano and mozzarella and cook till the mixture reaches a sauce consistency Preheat oven to 200º C.
Heat sufficient oil in a deep pan and deep fry the tortillas for few seconds, ensuring that they do not turn crisp. To assemble, spread some sauce on top of each tortilla, top up with the filling and roll.
Arrange these enchiladas in an oven proof dish, pour the remaining sauce on top and sprinkle grated cheese. Bake in the preheated oven for fifteen to twenty minutes. Serve hot.

Heat olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and sauté until onions are tender. Add rice and chicken stock and bring to a boil. Add chicken mince, salt and crushed peppercorns and stir.
Reduce heat, cover and simmer for fifteen minutes or until rice is well cooked and all the liquid is absorbed.

Preheat oven at 180º C. Lightly toast four tortillas on greased griddle/ tawa.
To make the spread take spinach, cottage cheese and salt in a bowl. Mix well. Set aside.
Combine filling ingredients in a bowl and set aside. Spread a portion of the cottage cheese mixture on each tortilla.
Place a portion of the filling mixture on this and sprinkle a little grated mozzarella cheese, leaving one centimetre uncovered all around.
Apply cornflour and water paste on the uncovered portion. Cover each with another tortilla.
Repeat the layers ending with a tortilla. Mix remaining grated mozzarella with parsley, sprinkle on the top of each quesadilla and place them under preheated grill and cook till the cheese melts.
Cut into four quarters each and serve with tomato sauce.

Mix corn meal, refined flour and salt together in a bowl. Add sufficient warm water and knead into a stiff yet pliable dough. Cover with a damp cloth and set aside for one hour.
Divide the dough into twelve equal portions and roll out into flat thin tortillas Heat a tawa and cook the tortillas on both the sides, making sure they do not become crisp.
Keep the prepared tortillas wrapped in foil and use as required.

 Melt the dark chocolate in microwave oven on HIGH for one minute. Alternately you can melt it on a double boiler.
Whip the fresh cream along with sugar till stiff. Fold the melted chocolate into the whipped cream.
Transfer the mixture into a glass serving bowl or into individual glasses and set in the refrigerator.
Garnish with chocolate chips and serve chilled.

Chop two onions finely and quarter the rest.
Mix the lamb mince, chopped onion, egg and salt together in a large bowl.
Form into one inch meatballs and set aside. Place the tomatoes and green chillies in a saucepan, add two cups of stock and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat and simmer for about fifteen minutes or until the tomatoes have softened.
Drain and transfer contents into a blender along with the quartered onions, garlic, coriander leaves and green olives. Blend until smooth and strain.
Heat the oil in the saucepan, pour in the tomato mixture and bring to a boil.
Add the rest of the lamb stock and salt and bring the mixture to a boil again.
Add the meatballs and simmer, covered, till the meatballs are completely cooked. Serve hot.

Keep yogurt in the refrigerator to chill. In a large bowl combine crushed corn chips, corn kernels, potatoes, onion, tomato, jalepeno, two tablespoons of green chutney, three tablespoons of sweet tamarind chutney and salt and toss the mixture well. Add chilled yogurt and mix well using a spoon or a spatula.
Transfer this mixture onto a platter, drizzle the remaining green chutney and sweet chutney on top and serve garnished with crushed corn chips and fresh coriander leaves.

Remove seeds and cut green capsicum into small triangles. Quarter the onions and separate the layers. Cut the carrots into small triangles. Separate the broccoli into small florets.
Heat olive oil in a pan. Add green capsicums, onions, carrots and sauté without stirring so that they burn slightly. Then stir. Add broccoli and cook for some time. Add salt and crushed red chillies and mix. Heat olive oil in another pan. Add onion, garlic and stir. Cook for three to four minutes. Add boiled rice and salsa.
Mix and add coriander leaves and dried herbs. Mix and set aside. Add chilli sauce to the vegetables and stir. Place the tortillas on a flat surface. Put some rice on it and top it up with the grilled vegetables. Add chilli sauce on top and roll. Wrap in a butter paper and serve.

Heat tortillas in a pan. Remove and keep them warm. Heat oil in the pan. Add chopped garlic and onion and sauté till transluscent.
Add chopped capsicums, salt and crushed black peppercorns and continue to sauté. Add chopped tomato and let it cook till soft. Add red chilli flakes, lemon juice and mix well. Add finely chopped apples and stir. Add chopped coriander leaves and mix well. Add crumbled goat cheese and mix lightly.
Take off the heat. Take one tortilla. Place the filling in the center. Top with cucumber slices, salad leaves and finally with sprouted moong. Roll the tortilla lightly and serve immediately.

Heat oil in a pan. Add onions and sauté.
Add garlic and green capsicum and cook till the onions are softened.
Add baked beans, red chilli flakes and mixed dried herbs and mix and cook till almost dry.
Preheat the oven to 200°C.
To make the sauce, sauté garlic in one tablespoon olive oil.
Add pureed tomatoes, sugar, red chilli flakes, oregano and half the mozzarella cheese and cook till the mixture reaches a sauce consistency.
Place a tortilla on the work top, spread some of the filling in the centre and top with paneer.
Roll the tortilla.Place it in a baking dish.
Similarly make more rolls and place in the dish.
Drizzle the tomato sauce over.
Grate mozzarella cheese on top.
Place the dish in the preheated oven and bake till the cheese melts.

Roast the capsicum on direct flame till lightly charred. Dip it in a bowl of water and peel off the charred skin. Remove the seeds and chop roughly. Grind the corn with milk to a coarse paste.
Heat oil in a deep pan. Add onion and sauté till lightly browned. Add the ground sweet corn and one cup of water. Stir and cook.
Add the capsicum and stir. Add salt, fresh red chillies and simmer. Mix cornflour in quarter cup of water and add to the soup and stir. Cook till the soup thickens slightly.

 Halve the avocados, remove the pit and peel. Blend them with vegetable stock, lemon juice and salt in a blender until smooth.
Heat oil in a medium saucepan, add garlic and sauté for a minute and add the avocado mixture and mix.
Add corn and cook on medium heat until just steaming. Season with salt and pepper powder

Heat oil in a large skillet and sauté the onion, jalapenos and garlic till onions are translucent .
Add stock and tomatoes and bring to a boil. Stir in rice and saffron and mix.
Sprinkle salt, pepper powder and paprika flakes on the chicken and place over the rice mixture.
Cover and simmer for twenty minutes or until the chicken is cooked.
Remove from the heat.
Sprinkle cheese, cover and let stand for five minutes. Garnish with coriander leaves and serve hot.

Boil plenty of water in a deep pan. Add rice and cook till done, ensuring that the grains remain firm and separate. Drain and set aside. - See more at: http://old.sanjeevkapoor.com/burritos-with-chicken-and-rice.aspx#sthash.vnTHeT8i.dpuf
Heat oil in a pan, add onion, clove powder and dried oregano and sauté for two to three minutes. - See more at: http://old.sanjeevkapoor.com/burritos-with-chicken-and-rice.aspx#sthash.vnTHeT8i.dpuf
Stir in tomatoes and cook till the tomatoes turn pulpy. Stir in rice and salt, mix well and then set the mixture aside .
Boil the chicken breasts in salted water till done.
Drain and shred. Add the shredded chicken and cheese to the rice and mix .
Heat the tortillas and put the filling in the center of each tortilla.
Fold the tortillas in the form of a parcel. Serve hot garnished with fresh oregano.

Blend the jalapenos, boiled tomatoes, coriander sprigs and garlic in a blender to a smooth puree.
Refrigerate it overnight and add salt just before serving.

Heat oil in a pan.
Add onions and sauté for a minute. Add garlic and capsicum and stir. Add chicken and stir-fry for two minutes. Add soy sauce, crushed red chillies, crushed peppercorns and stir. Add salt, brown sugar and a little water and cook till the chicken is done.
Heat a sizzler plate and put the chicken on it. Take a tortilla, place a little chicken mixture in the centre, sprinkle grated cheese and jalapeno pepper slices.
Roll and serve immediately.


Marinate fish in salt, one tablespoon lemon juice, malt vinegar and English mustard paste for half an hour. Marinate ginger strips two tablespoons of lemon juice adding salt to taste. Set aside for garnish.
Lightly oil a grill rack with rice bran oil. Stud marinated darnes with cloves, place them on hot grill and cook for eight to ten minutes (or until fish flakes easily with fork) turning once.
Do not overcook the fish. Remove cloves.
To make salsa, cook corn niblets with half cup of water on Microwave HIGH for one minute. Drain.
Tear basil hands with hand leaving aside a few for garnish. Mix together corn, onion, garlic, tomatoes, pineapple, jalapeno pepper, salt, basil leaves and the remaining lemon juice. Mix well and add chopped coriander leaves.
To serve: place salsa on a plate.
Place grilled fish over it and garnish with ginger strips and basil leaves.

Place the whole potatoes on a bed of sea salt in a baking tray and bake in the preheated oven at 220°C for thirty to forty minutes or till done. You can also boil the potatoes but take care that they become completely dry after that. Blend cornstarch in half a cup of water.
Heat oil in a pan. Add half the onions and sauté till translucent. Add soy sauce and one cup of water and mix. Add jalapeno peppers and mix. Add the blended cornstarch and cook stirring continuously till a sauce consistency is reached. Halve the baked potatoes and scoop out the centres leaving a thin shell around.
Take the scooped out portions in a bowl. Add the remaining onions, tomato ketchup, mayonnaise and mix well. Put this filling into the potato cases. Pour the sauce over and lightly mix the filling.

Mix together cornmeal, refined flour and salt. Knead it into a soft dough with milk and half a cup of water. Cover with a wet muslin cloth and set aside. Divide into equal portions and roll each portion into a thin chapatti of ten inches diameter.
Lightly roast them on a hot tawa on both sides and set aside. These are tortillas. For stuffing, heat olive oil in a pan and sauté onion and garlic for a minute. Add boiled kidney beans, tomato ketchup, salt, green chillies, paprika, coriander leaves and cook for two to three minutes.
Heat a tawa and place a tortilla on it. Spread some stuffing, top with cheese and cover with another tortilla. Spread some more stuffing and top with cheese and coriander leaves and cover with another tortilla. Dribble some olive oil all around. Turn when the underside is cooked and cook the other side similarly. Remove, cut into wedges and serve hot.

 Heat oil in a non-stick pan. Chop onion and add.
Add garlic and sauté for a minute. Add tomato and sauté for 2-3minutes. Add tomato puree and mix well.
Add kidney beans and mix again. Add cumin powder, red chilli powder, pepper powder, salt and oregano.
Mix well and add the vegetable stock. Stir to mix and simmer for 5-7 minutes.
Chop coriander leaves (cilantro) and slice the lemon. Add corn kernels to the pan and mix. Cook for 2-3 minutes.
Crush the kidney beans and corn with the back of a ladle and stir to mix. Transfer soup into a serving bowl, sprinkle cheese and cilantro on top and serve hot with lemon slices.


Roast capsicum on direct flame. Heat 2 tsps oil in a non-stick pan. Tear the spinach leaves and add alongwith salt and toss and cook for 3-4 minutes.
Break eggs and separate the egg whites and put into a bowl. Add salt and white pepper powder and whisk well.
Transfer the spinach into a bowl. When the capsicums are done, put it into a bowl of water and scrape off most of the burnt skin.
Tear the capsicums and remove the seeds and put it into a blender and puree.For each omelette heat 1 tsp oil in another non-stick pan.
Add ¼ portion of the capsicum puree and cook for 2-3 minutes. Cube the tomatoes and chop mint leaves and mix both with salt and olive oil in a bowl.
For each omelette heat 1 tsp oil in another non-stick pan. Add ¼ portion of the capsicum puree and cook for 2-3 minutes.
Cube the tomatoes and chop mint leaves and mix both with salt and olive oil in a bowl.
Serve hot with the tomato salad.

Drain and put sabutmasoor in a deep non stick pan, add 1 cup water and mix. Add red wine salt and masoor dal and mix.
Cover and cook together till just done. Heat oil in another non stick pan.
Make slashes on either side of the chicken breasts. Sprinkle red wine salt, crushed black peppercorns on them.
Place them in the pan and cook, turning sides, to seal the juices. Remove chicken breasts from the pan and place on a plate. Add onion and saute.
Add garlic and saute till fragrant.Add cumin powder, red chilli powder, cinnamon powder and mix. Add red wine and cook on high heat till the mixture reduces slightly.
Add chicken breasts, cover and cook for 2-3 minutes. Turn them over and cook for 2-3 minutes more.
Drain masoor and masoor dal and put into a bowl. Add pepper powder, red wine salt and butter and mix.
Arrange the mixture on a serving plate. Place the chicken breasts on them.
Reduce the sauce a little and pour over the chicken. Garnish with parsley and serve hot.

Mix all the ingredients for the tacos, add sufficient water and knead into semi soft dough. Keep it covered for about fifteen minutes. Divide into twelve equal portions and roll them into puris. Prick the puris. Heat sufficient oil in a kadai and deep-fry the puris on medium heat.
Turn when done on one side and fry the other side. Drain and fold over a rolling pin into half moon shape and put on an absorbent paper. Peel the mango and cut into small cubes. Take chopped onion, chopped tomatoes, red capsicum, jalapeno pepper, chopped coriander leaves, salt, lemon juice and mix.
Add crushed black peppercorns and mix. Let it rest of half an hour. Add salt to the hung yogurt and mix. Spread yogurt inside the taco shells, followed by shredded cabbage. Add mango cubes to the salsa. Put the salsa over the red cabbage in the tacos and serve immediately.

Take one tortilla and heat it on a griddle on both the sides. Place the warmed tortilla on a flat surface. Put some salsa over it and spread evenly.
Spread a portion of baked beans over the salsa and top it up with shredded lettuce, grated carrots, grated cheese, hung yogurt. Sprinkle crushed red chillies over and roll the tortilla firmly.
Fold a paper napkin around it and serve immediately. Repeat the process for the remaining wraps.

Boil the red chillies in a little water. Roughly chop ginger and garlic and put into a mixer jar. Add chana dal and salt. Add red chillies and grind with a little water to a fine chutney.
Whisk the batter well. Heat a non stick dosa tawa, wipe with a damp cloth. Spread a ladle of batter to cover the entire tawa.
Crush the rajma in a mixer. Heat olive oil in a non-stick pan. Add onion, garlic, green chilli and stir. Add ground rajma and cook till thick. Add salt and mix. Set aside in a bowl. For the salsa mix together onion, yellow capsicum, jalapeno, tomatoes, fresh coriander leaves, lemon juice and sweet chilli sauce and set aside in a bowl. Preheat oven to 180° C/ 350° F. Arrange the nachos on a serving platter and heat them slightly in a preheated oven for 1-2 minutes. Put the rajma mixture over them, drizzle white sauce, sprinkle cheese and keep the platter back in the oven and bake till the cheese begins to melt. Take it out of the oven, put the salsa over and serve hot.

Heat milk in a deep non stick pan, add rice and cook on medium heat, stirring frequently.
Put almonds in a mixer jar and crush coarsely. Add brown bread slices and crush some more.Transfer into a bowl, add brown sugar and mix well.
Halve the kiwis, and cut into medium sized cubes. Divide them equally between 4 glass cups. Sprinkle a little sugar over them.
When the rice gets cooked completely and almost dry, add sugar and mix well. Take the pan off the heat.Put the kheer over the kiwi in each cup.
Top with generous amounts of almond-brown bread-brown sugar mixture, level the top and serve.

Preheat oven to 180°C. Heat the tortillas lightly in a non stick pan. Heat 1 tbsp oil in another non stick pan. Add onion and saute for 1 minute. Add garlic and saute till soft. Add fresh tomato puree and mix well and continue to saute.
Add red chilli flakes, mixed dried herbs, salt and sugar and mix well. Place rice in a bowl, add ½ the tomato sauce and ½ the baked beans and mix. Add coriander leaves and mix.
To the remaining tomato sauce add the remaining baked beans and mix. Place each tortilla on a flat surface, place some rice mixture on one side. Spread green capsicum pieces and roll.
Spread some of the sauce-beans mixture on the base of a baking dish. Keep two enchiladas over it. Spread some more of the sauce-beans mixture over them.
Slice mozzarella cheese and place the slices on the surface. Keep the baking dish in the preheated oven and bake for 15-20 minutes or till the cheese melts. Serve hot.

Heat oil in a non stick pan and keep a tortilla on it. Slice mozzarella cheese and keep a few slices on the tortilla. Spread a few black olives.
Cover with another tortilla. Break a little feta cheese and place over the second tortilla. Sprinkle onions, some fresh red chillies and some coriander leaves. Cover with a third tortilla.
Sprinkle olive oil over and around the tortilla and press lightly. When the underside turns golden, gently turn over and cook till the other side is similarly golden.Make another quesadilla similarly. Cut into wedges and serve hot.

Cut the sweet potatoes into small cubes. Make small slits in the chicken pieces.
To make the marinade mix hoisin sauce, sugar, salt and pepper powder in a bowl. Put the chicken pieces, mix and set aside to marinate for 2 hours.
Heat 2 tbsps oil in one non stick pan and 1 tbsp oil in another non stick pan. Add sweet potatoes to one pan and sauté till crisp. Chop jalapeno.
Put the chicken pieces, skin side down, on the other pan, drizzle some of the extra marinade over and cook.
Chop fresh red chilli. Add jalapeno and red chilli to sweet potatoes. Add salt and squeeze the juice of ¼ lemon and mix.
Add a little water to the chicken, cover and cook. When the underside is done, turn them over, drizzle some more of the remaining marinade, a little water and cover. Cook till chicken is completely cooked.
Arrange the sweet potatoes in the centre of a serving plate, keep the chicken pieces on them, drizzle the sauce left in the pan over and serve hot.

Slice peach and 1 onion roughly, put them in a chopper. Add mint leaves, coriander leaves, salt, 2 jalapeno peppers and chop. Add dried oregano and continue to chop. Squeeze ½ lemon and add its juice to the peach mixture and mix well.
Heat olive oil in a non stick pan. Chop the remaining onion and parsley. Add onion to the pan and sauté till transluscent. Add rice. Chop the remaining jalapeno pepper and add. Add parsley and salt and mix well.
Switch off heat. Squeeze ½ lemon and add its juice to the rice and mix. Halve cucumber vertically and slice.Heat a non stick tawa, place the tortillas, one by one and heat slightly.
Place them on work top, place some rice mixture on one side of each, top with a little salsa and cucumber slices. Tear a few lettuce leaves and place them on top. Roll the tortilla tightly, wrap in a piece of aluminium foil and serve.

Preheat the oven to 220°C.
Place the whole potatoes on a bed of sea salt in a baking tray and bake in the preheated oven at 220°C for thirty to forty minutes or till done. You can also boil the potatoes but take care that they become completely dry after that. Blend cornstarch in half a cup of water.
Heat oil in a pan. Add half the onions and sauté till translucent. Add soy sauce and one cup of water and mix. Add jalapeno peppers and mix. Add the blended cornstarch and cook stirring continuously till a sauce consistency is reached. Halve the baked potatoes and scoop out the centres leaving a thin shell around.
Take the scooped out portions in a bowl. Add the remaining onions, tomato ketchup, mayonnaise and mix well. Put this filling into the potato cases. Pour the sauce over and lightly mix the filling.

Marinate fish in salt, one tablespoon lemon juice, malt vinegar and English mustard paste for half an hour. Marinate ginger strips two tablespoons of lemon juice adding salt to taste. Set aside for garnish.
Lightly oil a grill rack with rice bran oil. Stud marinated darnes with cloves, place them on hot grill and cook for eight to ten minutes (or until fish flakes easily with fork) turning once.
Do not overcook the fish. Remove cloves.
To make salsa, cook corn niblets with half cup of water on Microwave HIGH for one minute. Drain.
Tear basil hands with hand leaving aside a few for garnish. Mix together corn, onion, garlic, tomatoes, pineapple, jalapeno pepper, salt, basil leaves and the remaining lemon juice. Mix well and add chopped coriander leaves.
To serve: place salsa on a plate.
Place grilled fish over it and garnish with ginger strips and basil leaves.

Blend together to make a fine paste of chillies, garlic and ginger. In a bowl mix together chicken, the above paste, mustard oil, tamarind paste and salt. Set aside for an hour.
Heat oil in a kadai. Deep fry the chicken pieces till crisp and golden. Remove on absorbent paper and serve hot.

Heat oil in a non-stick pan. Add cumin seeds, bay leaf, green cardamom and black peppercorns and saute for a minute. Add onions and saute till it becomes brown.
Grind poppy seeds, ginger, garlic and red chillies to a fine paste. Add the paste to the onions and cook for two minutes. Add garam masala, coriander powder and salt and mix well. Add chicken and cook for two to three minutes.
Cover and cook on low heat for about eight minutes. Add tomatoes, kasoori methi and half cup water and mix well. Bring it to boil and cook till on low heat chicken gets cooked. Serve hot with naan or chapatis.

Marinate the chicken with lemon juice, red chilli powder, roasted cumin powder, ginger paste, garlic paste, onion paste and salt. Set it aside for twenty minutes.
Heat oil a non-stick pan. Add sugar and cook till changes color. Add cumin seeds and saute till it crackles. Add green chillies and saute for a minute.
Add the marinated chicken and salt and continue cooking on low heat by sprinkling little water at a time to avoid burning till chicken gets almost cooked. Add yogurt and mix well. Add coriander leaves and mix well. Serve hot.

Marinate the chicken with lemon juice, red chilli powder, roasted cumin powder, ginger paste, garlic paste, onion paste and salt. Set it aside for twenty minutes.
Heat oil a non-stick pan. Add sugar and cook till changes color. Add cumin seeds and saute till it crackles. Add green chillies and saute for a minute.
Add the marinated chicken and salt and continue cooking on low heat by sprinkling little water at a time to avoid burning till chicken gets almost cooked. Add yogurt and mix well. Add coriander leaves and mix well. Serve hot.

Preheat the oven at 180°C. Heat oil and butter in a non-stick pan. Add chicken with one cup of water and mix well. Add green chillies, black pepper powder, coriander leaves, green capsicum and salt and mix well and cook for two minutes.
Add macaroni and mix well. Remove the pan from the heat and mix well. In another add eggs, milk and salt and beat well. Arrange the chicken and macaroni in a baking dish. Spread tomatoes over it.Pour the egg mixture and heat ghee in a non-stick pan and add on top of the eggs. Cover with foil and bake in preheated oven for fifteen to twenty minutes.
Serve hot with chapati or parantha.

In a large bowl mix together chicken, ginger-garlic paste, red chilli powder, lemon juice, turmeric powder and salt and set aside for half an hour.
Heat sufficient oil in a non-stick kadai. Deep fry the chicken on medium heat till done. Drain on absorbent paper and set aside. Heat two tablespoons oil in a non-stick pan.
Add green chilli paste, salt and tomato puree and mix well and cook on low heat for ten minutes. Add chicken pieces and cook on low heat for five minutes.
Serve hot garnished with coriander leaves.

 Marinate the chicken with lemon juice and salt. Set aside for half an hour. Roast the chillies with sesame seeds, cumin seeds and fresh coconut. Remove and grind it with water to a fine paste.
Heat oil in a non-stick pan. Add the paste and salt and cook for a minute. Add the chicken and mix well. Add a cup of water, cover it with lid and cook on low heat till the chicken gets cooked.
Serve hot garnished with coriander leaves.

Place chicken mince in a bowl. Chop 1 spring onion bulb and add. Add 1 tsp chopped garlic, 1 tsp chopped celery and salt and mix.
Heat 2 tbsps oil in a non-stick wok. Make small balls of the chicken mixture, add to the wok and cook till light golden all around.
Slice 3 spring onion bulbs and add to the wok. Roughly chop spring onion greens and set aside.
Add 1 tsp chopped garlic, 1 tsp chopped celery and 1 cup water to the wok and cook.
Add red chilli paste, red chilli sauce and tomato ketchup and mix well. Cook till the chicken balls are completely cooked.
Tear kaffir lime leaves and add. Add salt and sugar and mix. Add 2 tsps cornstarch water and vinegar and mix well.
Add half the spring onion greens and mix.
Transfer into serving bowl and serve hot garnished with the remaining spring onion greens.


Chop spring onions roughly.
Heat oil in a non-stick wok, add spring onions, chicken and soy sauce and mix.
Add oyster sauce and mix well. Add Schezwan chutney and mix. Add sugar and vinegar, mix well and cook.
Chop spring onion greens and put into a bowl.
When chicken is ready add it to the spring onion greens. Add 1 tsp toasted sesame seeds and crushed fried noodles and mix
Transfer into serving dish, sprinkle 1 tsp toasted sesame seeds and serve hot.

In a bowl mix together chicken pieces, lemon juice, salt and pepper powder.
Mix well and place in the refrigerator for two hours.
Heat oil in a non stick pan, saute garlic till golden brown. Add chicken and saute till done.
Add coriander leaves and saute for five minutes.
Add dissolved cornflour and saute well.
Serve hot with rice.

 a bowl mix together, chicken mince, onion paste, ginger garlic paste, and cumin powder. Mix well.
Add red chilli paste, 1 egg, refined flour, chopped chillies and salt. Mix well to form a soft dough.
Divide the dough into equal portions and shape to form small kebabs.
Heat butter on a non stick grill pan, shallow fry the kebabs on both side till golden brown.
Remove on absorbent paper and serve hot.

Rub salt on the chicken and set aside.
In a large bowl mix together ginger paste, garlic, yogurt, soya sauce, green chillies, tomato,mint leaves, coriander leaves, red chilli powder, garam masala powder, MSG and oil.
Add the chicken and mix well and set aside for two hours.
Add the chicken pieces in a non-stick deep pan and saute for a minute.
Cover the pan and cook till the chicken gets cooked.
Serve hot with lemon wedges and onion rings.

Cut chicken into strips and put them into a bowl. Add ginger-garlic paste, ½ tsp red chilli powder, red chilli sauce, salt and yogurt and mix. Set aside to marinate for ½ hour in the refrigerator.
Heat sufficient oil in a deep pan.
Put refined flour, salt and ½ tsp red chilli powder in a plate and mix.
Chop spring onion with greens and green chilli finely and put into another bowl.
Take chicken out of the refrigerator. Roll each strip in the spiced flour.
Add a little water to the marinade in the bowl and mix well. Dip the chicken strips in this mixture and roll again in the spiced flour.
Slide into hot oil and deep-fry till crisp and golden. Drain on absorbent paper, cut into small pieces and put into the bowl with spring onion and green chilli.
Squeeze the juice of ½ lemon over them and mix.
Put them in soup spoons, arrange the spoons in a serving plate and serve.

Grind coriander seeds, cumin seeds, dried red chillies to a fine powder. Mix chicken mince, garlic paste, ginger paste, eggs and half of the lemon juice in a bowl. Add the ground masala and mix well. Marinate for one hour.
Add potatoes, onion paste, mint paste and salt. Wet your palms and apply the mixture onto the skewers evenly. Remove from the skewers carefully. Boil water in a deep pan. Put the prepared kebabs and cook fro five to seven minutes.Set aside to cool down. Heat sufficient oil in a non stick pan and shallow fry the kebabs till golden brown in colour.
Combine chicken, half of the onion, half of the garlic and lemon rind, salt in a bowl. Add parsley, pine nuts and mix well. Refrigerate for thirty minutes.Heat a non stick tawa. Divide the chicken mixture into equal portions and roll into balls. Flatten each ball.
Add sufficient oil to tawa and shallow fry the koftas till golden brown. Drain on absorbent paper and set aside.Heat two tablespoons oil in a non stick pan. Add remaining onions and sauté for two minutes.
Add garlic, coriander powder, cumin powder, crushed peppercorns and turmeric powder. Sauté for half minute. Add tomato puree, lemon juice, salt and half of the coriander leaves. Cook for four to five minutes or until sauce thickens. Arrange the koftas on serving plate. Pour the gravy on top.Serve hot garnished with remaining coriander leaves.

Grind coriander seeds, cumin seeds, dried red chillies to a fine powder.
Mix chicken mince, garlic paste, ginger paste, eggs and half of the lemon juice in a bowl.
Add the ground masala and mix well. Marinate for one hour.
Add potatoes, onion paste, mint paste and salt. Wet your palms and apply the mixture onto the skewers evenly.
Remove from the skewers carefully. Boil water in a deep pan.
Put the prepared kebabs and cook fro five to seven minutes.Set aside to cool down.
Heat sufficient oil in a non stick pan and shallow fry the kebabs till golden brown in colour.
Sprinkle remaining lemon juice and serve hot.

Grind half of the chillies, ginger to a fine paste with sufficient water.Grind remaining chillies to a fine paste with sufficient water.
Mix together whole wheat flour, ginger- green chilli paste, cabbage, carrots, salt and two tablespoons oil. Add sufficient water and knead into soft dough. Divide the mixture into small portions and roll out into thin roti.
Roast the rotis on tawa till three fourth done. Mix potatoes, cauliflower, green peas, garam masala, salt in a bowl. Divide into small portion and shape into rolls.
Heat remaining oil in a non stick pan. Shallow fry the rolls till golden brown in colour. Apply green chutney evenly on the chapati.
Marinate chicken with lemon juice, ginger-garlic paste and salt.
Heat oil in a kadai. Deep fry the noodles till crisp. Drain on an absorbent paper. Heat two tablespoons oil in another non stick pan. Add chicken and sauté for six to seven minutes.
Add onion, spring onions, tomato, red bell pepper, yellow bell pepper, capsicum, and sauté for four to five minutes.
Add salt, black pepper powder, soy sauce and mix well.
Spread the mixture evenly on lettuce leaves. Drizzle sour cream on top and roll it. Serve hot with chilli sauce.

Mix together the chicken, green chillies, coriander leaves and tomato ketchup in a bowl.
Add the spring onions and salt and mix well.
Fill the canapes with the mixture. Serve immediately, garnished with coriander leaves and a dot of tomato ketchup.

Heat oil in a non stick pan. Add onions, cinnamon, green cardamom, ginger paste and onion paste. Sauté for six to eight minutes. Add chicken, sauté for four to five minutes.
Add green chillies, tomato sauce, salt and sauté till chicken is completely cooked.
Serve hot with bread or parantha.


Heat a non stick pan. Add red chilli powder, coriander powder, turmeric powder and dry roast for one minute on low flame.
Marinate the chicken with roasted spices, half of the garam masala, salt and keep aside for thirty minutes.Heat oil in a non stick pan.
Add shallots, ginger, garlic, coconut pieces amd curry leaves.Sauté till onions become soft.
Add chicken and sauté for five minutes. Add two cups water and mix well.
Sprinkle remaining garam masala powder, mix well. Cover with a lid and cook till chicken is completely done.
Add more water if needed.
Check seasonings and serve hot with chapati.

Heat oil in a non stick pan. Add onion, ginger, garlic and saute for four to five minutes.
Add garam masala powder, red chilli powder, coriander powder, cumin powder, cinnamon powder and saute for four to five minutes.
Add chicken and saute for four to five minutes. Add salt and mix well.
Whisk yogurt and tomato puree in a bowl and add to the chicken along with tomatoes. Cook for four to five minutes.
Add potatoes and one cup water.
Cover and cook till chicken and potatoes are cooked.Serve hot with steamed rice.

Mix chicken mince, egg white, half of the soy sauce, half of the pepper powder, salt, one tablespoon corn flour.
Mix well and set aside for two to three hours.Heat sufficient oil in a kadai.
Make small balls of chicken mince and deep fry on medium heat till golden brown and crisp. Drain on an absorbent paper.
Heat two tablespoons oil in a non stick pan. Add green chillies, garlic and sauté for one minute. Add onions, capsicum and ginger.
Sauté for two minutes more. Add chicken stock. Once it comes to a boil, add remaining soy sauce, pepper powder.
Dilute remaining corn flour in half cup water and add to the pan. Add chicken balls and cook till mixture thickens.



Heat olive oil in a non-stick pan. Add garlic cloves and saute till light brown.
Add black olives, boiled, dried oregano and cheese and mix well.
Serve hot garnished with basil leaves.
 a bowl mix together pasta, tomatoes, onions, capsicum, mayonnaise, mixed herbs, black pepper powder and salt.
Keep it in the refrigerator and serve chilled

Preheat the oven to 180º C. Cook the pasta until al dente adding salt to the water in which the pasta is being cooked.
Heat oil in pan; add the garlic, onions and saute until it turns slight golden and the onions are tender.
Add crushed peanuts, Chinese chilli sauce, cream and basil and toss well .Add pasta and mix.
Stir well on low heat. Place the pasta to an oven proof serving dish, like a casserole.
Stir in the milk to the prepared pasta. Sprinkle cheese on top to cover the pasta.
Cover the dish with aluminum foil and bake for about 25 - 30 minutes until the cheese melts.
Allow it to sit for 15 minutes before serving. Serve warm with your choice of white wine.

Aloo baingan masala 			Vegetarian
Aloo baingan 			Vegetarian
Gobhi Aloo 	Aloo gobi.jpg 	Cauliflower with potatoes sauteed with garam masala. 	Vegetarian
Aloo ki Tikki 			Vegetarian
Aloo Matar 		Potatoes and peas in curry. 	Vegetarian
Aloo methi 		Methi leaves and potatoes nicely flavoured. Potato, fresh Methi leaves. 	Vegetarian
Aloo shimla mirch 			Vegetarian
Amriti with Rabdi 			Vegetarian
Amritsari fish 			
Amritsari Kulcha 			Vegetarian
Arbi masala 		Edoes cooked in onion tomato masala. 	Vegetarian
Baati 	Baati.jpg 	Ghee (Clarified butter). Wheat flour. 	Vegetarian
Baigan bharta 	Eggplant-&-Tomato-(Bhurta)-optimized.jpg 	Eggplant (Baingan) cooked with tomatoes or onions. 	Vegetarian
Bharwaan baigan 			Vegetarian
Bharwaan tinde 			Vegetarian
Bharwein karela 			Vegetarian
Bhatura 	Bhatura.jpg 	Bread. All purpose flour, fried. 	Vegetarian
Bhindi Masala 		Okra sautéed with onions and tomatoes. 	Vegetarian
Biryani 	India food.jpg 	Main or side dish. Rice, optional spices, optional vegetables or meats Can have with plain yogurt. 	
Butter Chicken 	Chicken makhani.jpg 		
Chaat 	Delhi Chaat with saunth chutney.jpg 	Typical north Indian tadka. 	Vegetarian
Chana masala 	Choleindia.jpg 		Vegetarian
Chapathi 	Chapatiroll.jpg 	Bread. Whole wheat flour. 	Vegetarian
Chicken Razala 		Bhopali style chicken cooked in a rich gravy with mint. 	
Chole bhature 	Chana masala.jpg 	Main. Chick peas, assorted spices, wheat flour and yeast for bhatura. 	Vegetarian
Daal Baati Churma 		Rajasthani special. 	Vegetarian
Daal Puri 		Stuffed dal in parathas. 	Vegetarian
Dal makhani (Kali Dal) 	Dal Makhani.jpg 	Main. A typical type of lentil is used. 	Vegetarian
Dal 	Dal Makhani.jpg 	Main. Assorted types of lentils, such as toor, urad, chana, masoor dal. 	Vegetarian
Dal fry with tadka 		Typical north Indian tadka. 	Vegetarian
Dum Aloo 	Kashmiri Dum Aaloo.JPG 	Potatoes cooked in Curry. 	Vegetarian
Poha 	Poha, a snack made of flattened rice.jpg 	specialty from Madhya Pradesh. Common snack in Central part of India. Flattended rice, potato, turmeric. 	Vegetarian
French bean aloo 			Vegetarian
Gajar ka Halwa 	Gajar Ka Halwa.JPG 	A sweet dish native to U.P./Punjab. Carrot, Milk, Ghee, Cashew. 	Vegetarian
Gajar matar aloo 			Vegetarian
Gobhi matar 			Vegetarian
Hari Mutter ka Nimona(Green pees daal) 		Typical north Indian tadka. 	Vegetarian
Jeera aloo 			Vegetarian
Kachori 	Cachuri2 flipped.jpg 	Rajasthani /marwari special. 	Vegetarian
Kadai paneer 			Vegetarian
Kadhi Pakoda 		Gram Flour with Yogurt with gramflour fried balls. 	Vegetarian
Karela Bharta 		Bitter gourd/melon. 	Usually vegetarian
Katha meetha petha/halwakadoo 			Vegetarian
Kheer 	Kheer.jpg 	Rice Cooked with Milk and dry fruits. Milk and Rice, dry Fruits. 	Vegetarian
Khichdi 	Khichuri-edit.jpg 	Rice cooked with daal and veggies and sauteed. 	Vegetarian
Kofta 	Paneer Kofta Curry - Kolkata 2011-09-20 5426.JPG 	Gram flour balls fried with vegetables. Gram flour, veggies, rolled into balls with gram flour and fried in oil and then cooked with curry. 	Vegetarian
Kulfi falooda 	Matkakulfi.jpg 		Vegetarian
Lauki ke kofte 		Bottle gourd. 	Vegetarian
Lauki ki subji 		Bottle Gourd. 	Vegetarian
Makki di roti, Sarson Da Saag 	Saagroti.jpg 	Punjabi speciality. 	Vegetarian
Mathura ke pede 			Vegetarian
Methi Saag, Chaulai Saab 		Veggie leaves sauteed in oil and garlic with little masalas. Cooked mostly in Central part of India. 	Vegetarian
Misi roti 			Vegetarian
Mixed vegetable 			Vegetarian
Moong dal ka halwa 			Vegetarian
Mushroom do pyaza 			Vegetarian
Mushroom matar 			Vegetarian
Naan 	Annapurna Naan.jpg 	Oven-baked soft flatbread. Refined wheat flour. 	Vegetarian
Navrattan korma 			
Palak Daal 		Spinach with toor daal. 	Vegetarian
Palak Paneer 	Palakpaneer.jpg 	Cottage cheese cubes in spinach gravy. Spinach, Paneer. 	Vegetarian
Paneer butter masala 			Vegetarian
Paneer Tikka Masala 			Vegetarian
Pani Puri 	Indian cuisine-Panipuri-03.jpg 	Typical north Indian tadka. 	Vegetarian
Panjeeri 			Vegetarian
Paratha 	Mintparatha.jpg 	Bread. Wheat flour. Can be stuffed: Common stuffings: potato mixture, paneer, muli(white radish). 	Vegetarian
Pattor 			Vegetarian
Phirni 			Vegetarian
Pindi chana 			Vegetarian
Pinni 			Vegetarian
Rajma Chaval 		Bean curry with rice. 	Vegetarian
Rajma 	Rajma, kidney beans, served with chawal, rice.jpg 	Main. Kidney beans & assorted spices. 	Vegetarian
Ramatori subji 			Vegetarian
Rice 	Rice p1160004.jpg 	Rice 	Vegetarian
Rongi 			Vegetarian
Samosa 	Samosachutney.jpg 	Potatoes, onions, peas, coriander, and lentils. 	Vegetarian
Samose 		Typical north Indian tadka. 	Vegetarian
Sattu ki Roti 		Dish from bihar. 	Vegetarian
Shahi paneer 	Shahi paneer and palak paneer.JPG 		Vegetarian
Shahi tukra 		Bread. Bread pudding in a rich sauce of thickened milk, garnished with sliced almonds. 	Vegetarian
Singhada Halwa 		Lotus fruit dried and powdered to make this fasting sweet meat. 	Vegetarian
Sooji Halwa 	PistHalva.jpg 	Semolina cooked with clarified butter and Dry fruits. Semolina (Suji), clarified butter, cashew nuts. 	Vegetarian
Sweet Pethas/ kesar petha/ pista petha 			Vegetarian
Vegetable Jalfrezi 			Vegetarian
South India
Name 	Image 	Description 	Vegetarian/
Non-vegetarian
Appam 	Hoppers.jpg 	Pancake, thicker at center. Ground rice. 	Vegetarian
Avial 	Sambar&Avial.jpg 	Cocunut paste, curd mixed with vegetables and some spices. 	Vegetarian
Bajji 	Chilli Bites (Bhaji).jpg 	Vegetable or onion fritters 	Vegetarian
Biryani 	India food.jpg 	Spicy rice dish with vegetables or chicken or mutton or fish or prawns. 	Depends on choice
Bisi Bele Bath 	Bisi Bele Bath.jpg 	Rice preparation with vegetables. 	
Bonda 	Bonda2.jpg 	Snack. Potatoes, gram flour. 	Vegetarian
Chicken 65 	Chicken 65.jpg 	Popular deep fried chicken preparation. Chicken, onion, ginger. 	Non-Vegetarian
Currivepillai sadam 		Curry leaves rice 	
Dosa 	Dosa-chutney-sambhar.jpg 	Pancake/Hopper. Ground rice, Urad dal. 	Vegetarian
Double ka meetha 	DoubleKaMeetha.JPG 	Bread crumbs fried in Ghee and dipped in Milk and Sugar syrup 	
Goli bajje 		Snack. Gram flour. 	Vegetarian
Idiappam 	Idiyappam.jpg 	Steamed rice noodles/vermicelli. Ground rice. 	Vegetarian
Idli 	Idli Sambar.JPG 	Steamed cake of fermented rice and pulse flour. Rice, Urad dal. 	Vegetarian
Indian omelette 	Indian Omelette.jpg 	Egg omelette or veg omelette 	
Kaara Kozhambu 		Dish used with rice made of chilli powder and tamarind. 	
Keerai kootu 		Green leaves kootu 	
Keerai masiyal 		Grinded green leaves used as a side dish for rice or mixed with rice. 	
Keerai sadam 		Rice and green leaves. 	
Koottu 	Cabbage kootu.jpg 	Vegetable, daal or lentil mixture boiled in water. 	
Kos kootu 		Cabbage and lentil dish used for rice. 	
Kothamali sadam 		Coriander rice 	
Kuzhakkattai 	Kozhukkatta.jpg 	Dumplings. Rice flour, jaggery, coconut. 	Vegetarian
Kuzhambu 		Thick Soup with coconut. Coconut, vegetables. 	Vegetarian
Masala Dosa 	Masala Dosa with Aloo masala.jpg 	Dosa with masala and potato. 	
Parotta 	Parotta.jpg 	Layered kerala parotta made with maida and dalda. 	Vegetarian
Paruppu sadam 		Daal rice 	
Payasam 	Kheer.jpg 	Rice Dessert. Rice, milk. 	Vegetarian
Pongal 	Pongali.JPG 	Pulao. Rice. 	Vegetarian
Poriyal 		Side dish for rice prepared from one or more vegetables with little oil stirred, with daal half boiled and coconut / mustard seeds. 	
Puli sadam 		Tamarind rice 	
Puttu 	Puttu.jpg 	Ground Rice. 	
Kanji 	Chinese rice congee.jpg 	Rice porridge 	Vegetarian
Sakkara pongal 		Sweet rice dish 	
Sambar 	Sambaar kadamba.jpg 	Lentil soup with vegetables and masala mixed with rice and taken. 	Vegetarian
Sevai 	Sevai plain320.jpg 	Kind of rice vermicilli used for breakfast. 	
Sevai lunch 		Kind of rice vermicilli mixed with either tamarind or lemon or coconut. 	
Thayir sadam, Mosaranna 	Curd rice and hummus.jpg 	Curd rice 	
Thengai sadam 		Coconut rice 	
Uttapam 	Indian Pancake.jpg 	Rice Pancake/Hopper with a topping of onions/tomatoes/coconut. 	Vegetarian
Vada 	Vada 2.jpg 	Savory Donut. Urad dal. 	Vegetarian
Varuval 		Vegetables fried in shallow oil 	
Yelumincham sadam, Chitranna 		Lemon rice. Rice, lemon juice. 	
Keerai poriyal 		Green leaves mixed with daal and coconut with little oil. 	
Wheat Upma 	Upma.jpg 	A Breakfast dish and Snack.Upma prepared from Wheat Dhalia Rava. 	Vegetarian
Koshambri 		A Cucumber salad dish popular in Karnataka. Prepared during festivals. 	Vegetarian
Obbattu (holige, bobbattu, Pooran-poli) 	Obbattu.jpg 	A stuffed (Moong gram dal and jaggery or coconut poornam) paratha. Dish native to South and West India in the states of (Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra. 	Vegetarian
Pesarattu 	Pesarattu.jpg 	Dosa (Pancake or Crepe) of Andhra Pradesh made from Moong Dal (lentils), grains and spice batter. 	Vegetarian
West India
Name 	Image 	Description 	Vegetarian/
Non-vegetarian
Amti 		Lentil curry. Split lentil. 	
Bajri no rotlo 		Bread. Thick millet flour flatbread usually grilled over coals. 	
Barfi 	Barfi.JPG 	Sweet 	
Basundi 		Sweet 	
Bhakri 	Another Vegetarian Meal.jpg 	Bread. Whole wheat flour, thicker than rotli, crispy. 	
Bombil fry 	Bombil.jpg 	Main Course. Bombay Duck (Fish). 	
Chaat 	Bhalla Papri Chaat with saunth chutney.jpg 	Snack 	
Chakli 	Chakali.JPG 	Savoury snack. Mixed grain flour. 	
Chivda 	Bombaymix.jpg 	Mixture. Flattened rice, groundnut, chana, masala. 	
Cholafali 		Snack 	
Chorafali 		Spicy. Grinding of charudala, masala, sprinkle with red chilly powder on top. 	
Copra paak 		Sweet coconut halwa/barfi: Halwa is soft, barfi more like cake. 	
Daal Dhokli 		Snack 	
Dahi vada 	Dahi vada.jpg 	Fried lentil balls in a yogurt sauce. Lentils, yogurt. 	
Dhokla 	Khaman dhokla.jpg 	Lentil snack. Gram. 	
Doodhpak 		Sweet A milk-based sweet dessert with nuts. 	
Dudhi no Halwo - Bottle Gourd Halwa 		Sweet 	
Dum aaloo 	Kashmiri Dum Aaloo.JPG 	Veg. Main dish. Potatoes deep fry, yogurt, coriander powder, ginger powder. 	
Pohe 	Poha, a snack made of flattened rice.jpg 	Vegetarian Snack. Flattened rice. 	
Gajar Halwo - Carrot Halwa 		Sweet 	
Gatta curry 		Curry. Steamed dumplings made from chickpea flour cooked in a spiced yoghurt sauce. 	
Ghari (sweet from Surat) 		Sweet 	
Ghooghra 		Sweet 	
Gud papdi (Gol papdi) 		Sweet 	
Gulab Jamun 	Gulab Jamun.jpg 	Snack 	Sweet
Halvasan 		Sweet 	
Handwo (steamed dish) 		Snack 	
Gur 	Sa-indian-gud.jpg 	Sweet unrefined brown sugar sold in blocks[3]. 	
Jalebi 	Jalebiindia.jpg 	Sweet maida & grained semolina flour, baking powder, curd, sugar. 	
Juvar no rotlo 		Bread. Thick sorghum flatbread. 	
Kansar 		Sweet 	
Keri no ras 		Sweet 	
Khakhra 	Gujarati khakhra.jpg 	Snack. Wheat flour, methi. 	
Khandvi 	Khandvi, Gujarati snack.jpg 	Snack. Besan. 	
Kombdi vade 	Komdi vade.jpg 	Chicken Curry with Bread. Chicken. 	
Koshimbir 		Salad. Salad/side-dish. 	
Laapsi 		Sweet coarse ground/ broken wheat cooked with butter and sugar. 	
Laddu 	Laddu1.JPG 	Sweet 	
Locha 		Spicy. Grinding of chanadal, masala,. 	
Malpua 	Malapua Odia cuisine.jpg 	Sweet 	
Methi na Gota 		Snack. Fried fenugreek dumplings. 	
Modak 	MMutta- Savouries1.JPG 	Sweet coconut dumplings. Rice flour, coconut. 	
Mohanthal www.kandoisweets.com 		Kandoi Bhogilal Mulchand (Sweeet) 	
Muthiya 		Snack. Whole wheat flour, methi leaves, besan/chickpeas flour and coriander leaves/cilantro. 	
Panipuri 	Indian cuisine-Panipuri-03.jpg 	Snack 	
Patra 		Snack. Taro leaves, coconut, seeds, dal. 	
Pav Bhaji 	Pav Bhaji.jpg 	Veg main dish. Mix curry of onion, capsicum, peas, cauliflower potatoes. 	
Penda 		Sweet 	
Pooran-poli 	Coconut holige.jpg 	Sweet stuffed bread. Wheat flour, gram. 	
Puri 	Puri.jpg 	Bread. Wheat flour. 	
Puri Bhaji 	Puri Bhaji.JPG 	Breakfast or Snack 	
Rasya Muthia 		Snack. A spicy yogurt dumpling soup. 	
Sabudana Khichadi 		Vegetarian Snack. Sago. 	
Sev Khamani 		Snack. Chana dal, green chillies, ginger, lemon juice and olive oil. 	
Sev Tameta 		Veggie. Potatoes and sev. 	
Shakarpara 		Snack. A deep fried snack made out of sugar and wheat. 	
Shankarpali 	Shankarpali sweets mithai Western India 2012.jpg 	Sweet or savoury snack. Plain flour, sugar. 	
Shiro 	Taita and shiro.jpg 	Sweet roasted semolina/flour/dal with milk, butter, sugar, nuts and raisins. 	
Shrikhand 	Shrikhand london kastoori.jpg 	Sweet A thick yogurt-based sweet dessert garnished with ground nuts, cardamom, and saffron. 	
Sohan papdi 	Soanpapdi.JPG 	Sweet 	
Soonvali 		Snack 	
Sukhdi 	Sukhdi.jpg 	Sweet 	
Sutarfeni 		Sweet 	
Thalipeeth 		Savoury pancake. Mixed grain flour. 	
Undhiyu 		Mix veggi. Plantain, brinjal, carrot, green chillies, potatoes, fresh coconut and other vegetable. 	
Upmaa 	Upma.jpg 	Vegetarian snack. Semolina. 	
Vada pav 	Jumbo Vada Pav.jpg 	Burger. Gram flour, potatoes, chilli, garlic, ginger. 	
Veg Kolhapuri 		Vegetarian dish. Mixed vegetables. 	
Vindaloo 	Vindalho.jpg 	Goan pork vindaloo. Pork, goan red chilli paste. 	
Ghebar or Ghevar 	GhevarRajasthaniSweet.jpg 	Sweet from Surat 	
Lilva Kachori 	Cachuri2 flipped.jpg 	Snack. Lilva and whole wheat flour. 	
Magas (or Magaj) 	Magaj.jpg 	Sweet 	
East India
Name 	Image 	Description 	Vegetarian/
Non-vegetarian
Ceera Doi 		Breakfast cereal. 	
Dhup Pitha 		A sweet Assamese specialty 	
Gheela Pitha 		Sweet Assamese specialty 	
Hurum 		Breakfast cereal; an Assamese specialty 	
Khar 		Assamese specialty side dish: papaya, banana, soda 	
Kumol Sawul 		Breakfast cereal; an Assamese specialty. Soft rice with cream & jaggery. 	
Loskora (Coconut Laddu) 		Sweet 	
Lusi 		Oily bread made from maida. 	
Malpua 	Malapua.jpg 	Snacks 	
Momo 	Momo101.jpg 	Snacks. It is a Sikkim specialty. 	
Muri Laru 		Sweet Bengali specialty. 	
Pani Tenga 		Pickle made from mustard. 	
Sunga Pitha 		Sweet Assamese specialty 	
Alu Pitika 		Dish made of mashed potato. 	
Masor tenga 		An Assamese fish stew cooked with any of a variety of sour fruits including tomatoes.[1] 	
Bengena Pitika 		Dish made of mashed brinjal. 	
Bilahi Maas 		Fish curry cooked with tomatoes. 	
Black rice 	Black rice 01.JPG 	Special local variety of rice 	
Bora Sawul 		Breakfast cereal; an Assamese specialty. Sticky rice, sugar or jaggery. 	
Brown Rice 	Brun ris.jpg 	Special local variety of rice. 	
Chhenagaja 	Chena gaja Odia cuisine.jpg 	Dessert. Cottage cheese, flour, sugar syrup. 	
Chhenapoda 	Chennapoda.jpg 	Dessert. Cottage cheese, flour, sugar syrup. 	
Chingri Machher Malai-Curry 		Curry. Prawn, coconut, mustard, steamed. 	
Dal 	Dal Makhani.jpg 	Lentils. 	
Goja 		Sweet 	
Hando Guri 		Breakfast cereal; an Assamese specialty 	
Haq Maas 		Fish curry cooked with leafy green vegetables. 	
Horioh Maas 		Golden Mustard Fish Curry. 	
Ilish or Chingri Bhape 	Ilish.JPG 	Curry. Ilish (Hilsha fish) or prawn, coconut, mustard, steamed. 	
Kharoli 		Pickle made from mustard; an Assamese specialty 	
Khorisa 		Pickle made from bamboo shoot; an Assamese specialty 	
Koldil Chicken 		Chicken cooked with banana flower; an Assamese specialty 	
Koldil Duck 		Duck meat cooked with banana flower; an Assamese specialty 	
Konir Dom 		Egg curry. 	
Lai Haq Maas 		Fish Curry with herbs & lemon. 	
Litti 	Litti.jpg 	Balls of wheat and sattu baked in oven and served with mashed potatoes (chokha) 	
Maasor Tenga 		Tomato Fish Curry. 	
Machher Jhol 	MACHHA HALADI.jpg 	Curry. Fish, various spices. 	
Masor Koni 		Fish delicasy. 	
Masor Petu 		Fish delicasy. 	
Mishti Chholar Dal 		Curry. Bengal gram, coconut, sugar. 	
Mishti Doi 	Mishti Doi.jpg 	Dessert. Curd, sugar syrup and /or jaggery. 	
Ou tenga Maas 		Fish curry cooked with elephant apple. 	
Pakhala 	Pakhala.jpg 	Rice. Fermented rice, yoghurt, salt, seasonings. 	
Bhaji 	Chilli Bites (Bhaji).jpg 	Fried Vegetables. 	
Pani Pitha 		Sweet Assamese specialty 	
Pantua 	Pantua - Kolkata 2011-09-20 5431.JPG 	Assamese sweet similar to Gulab Jamun 	
Payokh 		Desert 	
Peda 	Dharwad peda.jpg 	Sweet 	
Prawn malai curry 		Curry. Prawns, coconut cream, crushed mustard seed, red chillies. 	
Red Rice 	Rice, red-rice, AIVANAM-like.JPG 	Special local variety of rice. 	
Rice 	White, Brown, Red & Wild rice.jpg 	Staple Food. 	
Rosgulla 	Rasagolla.JPG 	Dessert. Cottage cheese, flour and sugar syrup. 	
Sabzi (curry) 	Indiandishes.jpg 	Different green or other vegetables. 	
Shondesh 	Sondeshnolen.jpg 	Dessert. Milk, sugar. 	
Shukto 		Curry. Vegetables, ghee, milk. 	
Sunga Pork 		Rich spicy pork curry 	
Tenga Doi 		Sour curd 	
Til Pitha 		Sweet Assamese specialty. Rice powder, til, jaggery. 	


After a very long time I am here rolling back my 22 years of experience in the food industry and working with more than few thousands of recipes and dealing with million of lovable customers. All through my culinary journey, now I realize that there are around 50 popular dishes that are really admired or relished by food lovers and is demanded for at most of the restaurants. This makes me think that does Indian cuisine revolves around these 50 dishes?

Not really Indian food has many crown jewels hidden in many homes in Indian towns and villages- that is the only one most important reason for me to start the website to bring them to all of you

Having worked in Ethnic restaurants and regional Indian cuisine restaurants, I have always noticed that the top 25 dishes are present in every menu. Whatever the recipe would be, but these would be the most selling dishes and the customers demand for. This makes me feel that, these 25 popular dishes are the Gems of Indian food and have made a huge contribution in the Indian cuisine.

But now I wonder why only certain dishes become very popular in restaurants??

It made me rethink many a times and then could conclude to a simple reason that its easy to duplicate the dish, easy to prepare, and there is always a standard recipe followed with more or less the same taste and flavor.

Another reason that I could relate is, most of the ingredients used in these dishes are easily available throughout the year so are available at every restaurant menu and served and demanded by customers.

Now I would like to share with you the names of the Top 25 tasty and popular dishes in India that I discovered through my passionate journey for food and shall also get you familiar with the fine distinction of the dish.

Biryani ( veg & non Veg) – Biryani is a set of rice based food made with spices, rice (usually basmati) and meat, fish, eggs or vegetables. Is a very popular dish all over the World.

Butter Chicken – Chicken marinated overnight in yoghurt and spices mixture and cooked with a special Makhani sauce made of Butter, tomato puree and various spices that gives the dish its unique flavor. It is one of the most popular dishes among non vegetarians throughout the World. It is the pride of Punjabi cuisine.
Vindaloo & Rogan Josh – Is an aromatic, gravy curry dish of Lamb goat or other meats.

Tandoori Chicken – Chicken dish marinated in yoghurt and seasoned with tandoori masala. Tandoori chicken is a highly popular Indian dish, traditionally cooked in Tandoor (clay oven).

Idli-Dosa-Vada with Sambar – Popular South Indian breakfast made of fermented black lentils (de-husked) and rice accompanied with sambar (a vegetable stew or chowder based made with toor dal and tamarind).

Palak paneer – A popular vegetarian dish consisting of Palak (spinach) and Paneer (cottage cheese) in a curry sauce. It is a traditional North Indian delicacy and is an integral part of the Punjabi cuisine.

Chole-Bhature – Is a combination of Chole (spicy chick peas) and fried Indian bread called Bhatoora (made of maida flour). It is mainly eaten is North India and seems to be originated in Punjab. Its also a street food commonly eaten for breakfast.

Dal makhani – Daal makhani dish is delicacy from Punjab filled with rich protein and fiber. Lentils and beans traditionally cooked in a tangy masala with dollops of fresh cream added to give the rich finishing touch. It is the signature dish of Punjabi cuisine.

Malai Kofta – Malai refers to cream and the kofta are deep fried veggie balls together blend in a creamy Indian saucy curry. It is a North Indian speciality is the vegetarian version of the famous kofta (meatball) curries. Also an authentic part of the Moghlai cuisine.

Naan-Parathas – Naan paratha are most popular varieties of Indian flatbreads where Naan is oven baked and Paratha is made by whole wheat flour on tawa. Parathas are usually stuffed with vegetables.

Samosa and Pakodas – Popular appetizers/ snacks in India served at tea time or as a separate course before main meal. Samosa is a savory filling stuffed pastry triangular in shape and deep fried whereas pakodas are fried snack across South Asia.

Pav Bhaji – Pav bhaji consists of bhaji (a potato based curry) and the pav, garnished with coriander, chopped onions and a dash of butter. It is a fast food dish native to Maharashtrians and is popular in most metropolis areas in India.

Panipuri -Chaats– It comprises a round, hollow puri, fried crisp and filled with a mixture of tamarind water, chilli, chaat masala, potato, onion and chickpeas. It is small enough to fit completely in one’s mouth. A popular street snack also called as Gol gappa or gup chup.

Kebabs – Is a dish consisting of meat threaded on a skewer and grilled. Any kind of meat may be used, cubes of fruit or vegetable are often threaded on the skewer as well. Typical vegetables include tomato, bell peppers, onions and mushrooms.
Lassi – Shakes – Is a popular and traditional Punjabi yoghurt based drink of India and Pakistan. Made by blending yoghurt with water and Indian spices flavored with ground roasted cumin. Sweet lassi is blended with sugar or fruits instead of spices.

Tea and Filter Coffee – Tea refers to the aromatic beverage prepared from the cured leaves by combination with hot or boiling water and milk (optional) and flavoured Indian way with ginger and cardamom. Coffe is a popular brewed drink prepared from roasted seeds, commonly called coffee beans of the coffee plant.

Indo-Chinese Manchurian – Indo Chinese from Calcutta is now sold on every street corner in cities .

Poori-Halwa – Is a traditionally breakfast dish of South Asia. Halwa puri consists of two separate dishes, halwa, a sweet made from semolina and eaten with puri, a small circular deep fried flat bread.

Pickles – Mango/ Lemon – Indian pickles consist of a large variety of pickled fruits and vegetables which are acidified with lime or lemon juice, or through lactic acid fermentation enabled by addition of common salt. The pickles also have various combinations of Indian spices and often oil.

Rasam – Tomato soup – Typically a South Indian dish, Rasam is a soup like dish known for its health benefits, lip-smacking taste and enticing aroma. It is beneficial to the health because of its digestive qualities. It is made of tomatoes, tamarind and dal.

Aloo gobi- Is a dry Indian and Pakistani dish made with potatoes, cauliflower and Indian spices.

 Rasmalai-Rasgulla – Ras malai consists of sugary, cream to yellow colored balls of paneer soaked in malai flavored with cardamom. Rasgulla is a popular cheese based, syrupy sweet dish made from balls of Chhena (Indian cottage cheese) and semolina dough cooked in sugar syrup.

Ladoos – A sweet dish made from gram flour, semolina, wheat flakes and many other flours. Often prepared on festive occasions.
Biryani

en.wikipedia.org

tandoorpizza.com
 

What It Is: An aromatic rice dish cooked with several spices, notably saffron, and a protein (typically chicken or mutton) that’s been marinated.
Perfect For: A huge family dinner.
Feels Like: Hearing the neighborhood mosque sound its azan for evening prayers.
2. Momos
Momos
en.wikipedia.org

What It Is: A variation on the traditional dimsum, native to the North Eastern states that border Nepal (where the dish originated), eaten with a fiery red chutney.
Perfect For: A quick mid-evening snack.
Feels Like: Kicking your shoes off after a long day and settling into your couch for hours of TV.
3. Idli

festivals.iloveindia.com

indianhealthyrecipes.com
 

What It Is: A heavy South Indian breakfast food. A fermented batter of ground rice and lentils, steamed in little circular moulds.
Perfect For: When you’re done sleeping in on a Saturday morning.
Feels Like: Being woken up by the smell of cooking.
4. Gulab jaamun
Gulab jaamun
bikanervala.co.nz

What Is It: Small balls of dried milk, slow cooked and boiled in a sugar syrup.
Perfect For: When you’ve already had a delicious meal and have just enough room for dessert.
Feels Like: Playing hide-and-go-seek with your cousins at a family reunion way, way past your bedtime.
5. Chole bhature
Chole bhature
Via tastyappetite.net

What It Is: A spiced, curried chickpea dish served with a fried flour bread.
Perfect For: A late Sunday breakfast.
Feels Like: Seeing your family all dressed in new clothes on a festival day.
6. Nethili varuval
Nethili varuval
Via myerecipecorner.blogspot.com

What It Is: Anchovies dipped in a paste of turmeric and red chilies and fried, native to the South Indian region Chettinad.
Perfect For: A crispy, spicy appetizer.
Feels Like: Temple bells.
7. Kati roll

en.wikipedia.org

midtownlunch.com
 

What It Is: A traditional street food popular across India (and abroad). A wrap of kebabs, eggs, vegetables, and spices rolled into paratha (a type of flat bread).
Perfect For: When you need a meal on-the-go. Also a great way to use up leftovers.
Feels Like: Standing on a dusty Kolkata street-corner at dusk, watching families go home through rush hour traffic.
8. Rajma

lovelaughmirch.com

tasteandflavours.com
 

What It Is: Kidney beans in a thick gravy popular across North India.
Perfect For: An accompaniment for rice, particularly delicious when served piping hot in the winter.
Feels Like: Summer holidays at your grandparents’ house.
9. Pani puri

cdn.sailusfood.com

flickriver.com
 

What It Is: A small crisp hollow round bread filled with spiced water, tamarind paste, potato, onion, and chickpeas.
Perfect For: When you’re craving a thousand flavors at once.
Feels Like: Drunkenly challenging your best friend to a contest of who can eat more of these, and then feeling like your mouth is on fire.
10. Jalebi
Jalebi
Via en.wikipedia.org

What It Is: A wheat flour batter deep fried in coil-shapes and soaked in sugar syrup, served hot.
Perfect For: When you want something hot, but also sweet.
Feels Like: People-watching in a crowded bazaar while your mother haggles over sari prices.
11. Tandoori chicken
Tandoori chicken
siliconeer.com

What It Is: Chicken marinated for hours in a paste of yogurt and spices, and then roasted (traditionally) in a clay oven called a tandoor.
Perfect For: Wowing your dinner guests with minimal effort.
Feels Like: Making a pitstop at a roadside diner three hours into a family roadtrip.
12. Banana chips

thehindu.com
 

What It Is: Thin slices of banana deep fried in savory spices.
Perfect For: Munching on while watching your favorite movie.
Feels Like: The wind flying through your hair as you sail down Kerala’s backwaters in a houseboat.
13. Baingan bharta
Baingan bharta
Sabra Krock / Via nytimes.com

What It Is: Roasted eggplant mashed together with a variety of other vegetables and spices, served with flatbread.
Perfect For: An exciting and fancy vegetarian meal.
Feels Like: Going back for seconds at a family friend’s house.
14. Dosa
Dosa
Via manusmenu.com

What It Is: A crispy, flat bread (similar to a crepe or pancake) made of rice batter, served with a lentil sauce (sambar) and a variety of chutneys.
Perfect For: When you want breakfast to be the highlight of your day.
Feels Like: Recounting last night’s events the morning after a sleepover.
15. Bhelpuri
Bhelpuri
en.wikipedia.org

What It Is: Puffed rice fried with vegetables, in a spicy and tangy tamarind sauce.
Perfect For: When you want a chilled savory snack.
Feels Like: Sitting in the back of a rickshaw at the peak of summer, thankful for the breeze.
16. Vada

blendwithspices.com

great-secret-of-life.com
 

What It Is: A South Indian snack staple made of a lentil or flour batter fried into a doughnut shape.
Perfect For: A neutral carb to accompany your craving for chutney and lentils.
Feels Like: A morning raga.
17. Bhindi masala fry

thefoodfairy.wordpress.com

passiononthestovetop.blogspot.com
 

What It Is: Okra stuffed with spices, fried.
Perfect For: A vegetarian dish that’s both exciting and comfort food.
Feels Like: Mom’s cooking.
18. Rogan josh
Rogan josh
en.wikipedia.org

What It Is: A lamb curry of Persian origin, now popular in the Kashmir area. In India, rogan josh is often made using goat meat instead of lamb.
Perfect For: When you don’t just want a meal – you want a feast.
Feels Like: Strutting around in your nicest traditional finery and feeling like royalty.
19. Dhokla
Dhokla
kitchenpops.wordpress.com

What It Is: A snack/breakfast food from the state of Gujurat, made of fermented rice and chickpea batter.
Perfect For: An very, very light yet very, very flavorful snack.
Feels Like: Gossiping with your aunts and cousins for hours.
20. Gaajar halwa

whatscookingmom.in

foodviva.com
 

What It Is: An extremely popular dessert, made by cooking grated carrot with milk, sugar, and dried fruits.
Perfect For: A piping hot wintertime dessert.
Feels Like: Wrapping a shawl around yourself and sitting by a heater on a chilly Delhi evening.
21. Pakora
Pakora
en.wikipedia.org

What It Is: A fritter native to the Indian state Uttar Pradesh – one or more basic ingredients (onion, eggplant, potato, cauliflower, and chili peppers are all options) are dipped in gram flour and deep fried.
Perfect For: Rainy days.
Feels Like: Sitting by a window during a monsoon afternoon, bonding with your family over hot chai.
22. Rumali roti

upload.wikimedia.org

chappati.com.my
 

What It Is: The word “rumal” is Hindi for handkerchief, and this bread resembles one; it is large, as thin as cloth, and served folded like a napkin.
Perfect For: When you need bread but want something lighter than naan.
Feels Like: Watching with child-like awe as a chef tosses the dough up in the air and spins it in circles.
23. Papri chaat
Papri chaat
Manuela Zangara / Via manusmenu.com

What It Is: Crispy, fried dough wafers served with boiled potatoes, boiled chick peas, chilis, yogurt, tamarind chutney, and several spices.
Perfect For: A healthy and multi-flavored snack.
Feels Like: Rewatching an old Bollywood movie with your mom, for the eighth time.
24. Kulfi
Kulfi
Via kurryleaves.blogspot.com

What It Is: An iced preparation made from thickened milk, almonds and pistachios.
Perfect For: When you’re craving ice-cream but with an Indian touch.
Feels Like: A street fair.
25. Recheado masala fish
Recheado masala fish
Via flavorsofmumbai.com

What It Is: A spicy paste made of chilies, tamarind, and garlic (amongst other spices) is rubbed onto whole fish which are then fried.
Perfect For: Satisfying your seafood craving and spice craving all at once.
Feels Like: Sitting on a beach in Goa, watching the waves roll in.
26. And, finally, samosas.
And, finally, samosas.
en.wikipedia.org

What It Is: A fried or baked triangular snackfood made of a potato stuffing, usually also containing onions and peas, served with a mint chutney.
Perfect For: Literally anytime, anywhere.
Feels Like: Home.

• Aaloo Mutter
• Aaloo Parantha
• Aam ka Achaar
• Achaari Murg
• Aloo Dam
• Badam ki Barfi
• Baigun Bhaja
• Beans Foogath
• Bhindi Bhaji
• Bhindi ki Subzi
• Chatpati Arvi
• Chole Bhature
• Coconut Rice
• Dal Bati Churma 	• Gobi Paratha
• Hara Bhara Kabab
• Imli Chutney
• Kaali Daal
• Khatta Mango Dal
• Kofta Curry
• Lachha Parantha
• Lehsuni Daal
• Lemon Rice
• Makke Roti
• Malai Kofta
• Mango Chutney
• Masala Gobi
• Matar Paneer 	• Mixed Veg Extravaganza
• North Indian Cuisine
• Nawabi Pulao
• Onion Bhajis
• Potato curd masala
• Palak Paneer
• Paneer Kabab
• Peas Pulao
• Pulahari
• Rajma Chawal
• Roti
• Sambhar Chawal
• Shahi Paneer
• Spicy Chhole
[Famous Non Vegetarian Foods in India ] 	Famous Non Vegetarian Foods in India
• Chicken Butter Masala
• Chicken Korma
• Chicken Tikka Masala
• Chili Chiken
• Crab Curry
• Crispy Chicken
• Dahi Ghost
	• Fish Amritsari
• Fried Prawns
• Hyderabad Biryani
• Kheema Paratha
• Masala Kheema
• Meat Pickle
• Momo (Steamed Dumpling)
	• Momo
• Mughlai Chicken
• Murg Kata Masala
• Mutton Biryani
• Prawn Malai Curry
• Rogan Josh
• Steamed Hilsa
[Famous Sweets in India ] 	Famous Sweets in India
• Besan Ladoo
• Boondi ke Laddoo
• Banana Pudding
• Bread Pudding
• Cham Cham 	• Gajar ka Halwa
• Gujia
• Gulab Jamun
• Kheer
• Jalebi 	
• Malpua
• Milk Barfi
• Ras Malai
• Rasogulla
• Sandesh Misthi
• Til ka Gajak
[Famous Snacks and Beverage in India] 	Famous Snacks and Beverage in India
• Custard Apple Ice Cream
• Corn and Peas Masala Salad
• Dosa
• Golgappey
• Lassi
• Mango Kulfi
• Marble Cake 	• Masala Dosa
• Mint Cucumber Raita
• Mustard Sandwich
• Nankhatai
• Onion Pakoda
• Paneer Roll
• Sambar 	
• Shaami Kebab
• Shahi Falooda
• Shrikhand
• Steamed Momos
• Sweet and Sour Noodles
• South Indian Cuisine
• Uttapam

 1. Chicken parmigiana -- A classic dish that also works as a sub sandwich. Virtually anything breaded and deep-fried with melted cheese is going to be a hit.

2. Fettuccine alfredo -- One of the heavier Italian sauces, a creamy alfredo sauce sticks best to wide noodles like fettuccini. While store-bought packages don't do the dish justice, one can find the best alfredo-style sauces at Al Fresco Ristorante at 11710 Jefferson Ave. in Newport News.

3. Lasagna -- A classic dish, lasagna is a conglomeration of ingredients that reflect the taste of the person making it. The best lasagnas are home-made and include plenty of ground beef, sausage, ricotta, mozzarella and parmesean cheeses.

4. Linguine with clam sauce -- Clam sauces vary, but the best examples of this dish come in a garlic and oil sauce and use whole clams. Il Giardino's at 910 Atlantic Ave. has Linguine alla Vongole, the best local take on this meal.

5. Veal marsala -- A good marsala wine sauce is loaded with mushrooms and scallions. However, the thought of veal turns some people off and chicken can be too boring. A refreshing twist to this dish is a sirloin marsala, offered by Carraba's Italian Grill at 12363 Hornsby Ln. in Newport News.

6. Chicken Saltimbocca -- "Saltimbocca" is a combination of Italian terms that means, "jumps into one's mouth." Most of these dishes combine a meat, such as chicken, with prosciutto ham, spinach, and mozzarella cheese. Luigi's Italian Restaurant at 15400 Warwick Blvd. in Newport News has the best saltimbocca dishes.

7. Pasta primavera -- One of the most well-known Italian vegetarian dishes. "Primavera" means springtime and can include any combination of vegetables over pasta in a variety of sauces. Olive Garden's Shrimp Primavera is a tasty deviation from this traditionally veggie dish.

8. Shrimp fra diavolo -- Italian food with a kick. "Diavolo" is Italian for devil and this style of red sauce relies on crushed red pepper and garlic. The best fra diavolo sauces are made at home, as the person cooking can decide how spicy to make the dish.

9. Penne alla vodka -- Vodka sauces have become popular in recent years. Usually a mixture of marinara and a cream sauce with basil and a shot of vodka, a reddish vodka sauce is a savory experience. The best vodka sauce is made at Amalfi Ristorante at 2010 Colley Ave. in Norfolk.

10. Spaghetti with tomato sauce -- Don't forget the old mainstay. This dish is simple, inexpensive and has a number of options to add, including meatballs, mushrooms, broccoli, sausage, or ground beef. Spaghetti with tomato sauce is quick and simple enough to be made at home any time.
A four course meal served with a variety of 400 types of cheese, every bite of Italian food speaks of its origins from the 4th century BC. It's a favorite with everyone, from the first bread till the last tiramisu!

Italians are known to take their food very seriously. The lunch hour is the moat important meal of the day. It starts with antipasti (before the meal) bites like cheese, olives, salad etc. The main course mostly comprises of pasta or risotto. Did you know that there are more than 600 shapes of pasta produced across the world? Finally, comes the dessert and espresso coffee.

Here are our 10 best Italian recipes which we think are a must try. Buon appetito!



Caprese Salad with Pesto Sauce

A great antipasto bite to start your meal with. Juicy tomatoes and mozzarella cheese salad topped with freshly made pesto sauce.

Panzenella

Panzenella is a Tuscan bread salad, ideal for summer. It does not follow a particular recipe. but the two ingredients that do not change are tomatoes and bread. This salad is great with a chilled glass of Prosecco and lots of sunshine!

Bruschetta

Country bread sliced and topped with different toppings - the evergreen tomato-basil and an inventive mushroom-garlic. The classic Italian starter!

Focaccia Bread

Fresh dough is topped with caramelized onions, olives, tomato slices, basil leaves, grated parmesan cheese and baked delicious!


Pasta Carbonara

This simple Roman pasta dish derives its name from 'carbone' meaning coal. It was a pasta popular with the coal miners. The original recipe calls for guanciale, which is pig's cheek, but since its not easily available, the chef has used bacon instead.

Margherita Pizza

Fancy a pipping hot pizza, fresh out of the oven? Create one at home! One of the most loved Italian dishes, here's the recipe of 'Pizza Margherita'! Need we say more?

Mushroom Risotto

A plateful of buttery risotto with the goodness of mushrooms. Great to feed a hungry horde!

Pasta Con Pomodoro E Basilico

This is the most basic and simplest cooked pasta sauce, hence it is the benchmark of a good Italian home cook.

Tiramisu - The 'pick-me-up' cake

The delightful tiramisu recipe with sponge fingers soaked in coffee, layered around and smeared with a creamy mascarpone mixture. The word 'tiramisu' in Italian means 'pick-me-up'. Owing to its caffeine kick it sure does!

Panna Cotta With Raspberry Coulis

End your meals, the Italian way! A dessert is made with gelatine, cream and milk. Chilled and served with whole raspberries and raspberry coulis. Panna Cotta, in Italian, means 'cooked cream.'




