you can have a stomach full meal at a reasonable price .if u hv deep pockets u can try it out .Liquor rates are not very high .So , in all I did not find the quality in accordance to the prices cost is vey much affordablethe place is over priced and i was not at all happy with the quantity they provided .Taxes on drinks bit us badly : ( But way overpriced IMHO .i became a fan of dis place after getting the cheque....although its pre - cooked ( they microwave it ) its still pretty damn good considering the price .all in all , every item is reasonably priced and tastes great at the same time .but after i ate such chopsuey in Kolkata at a cheaper rate , the image of this chopsuey came to my mind and i had to question the value for cost of this item .though i'll greatly question the value for money .would refer Chung - fa more , as for me , " value for money " is the point that matters the most .i would definitely agree with one of my fellow reviewer , that it does have some funny taxes added to the bill .Drinks are bit cheaper compared to other discotheques in pune .Damage : Stag Entry Rs 1000 and couple also for Rs 1000 .Drinks are bit cheaper compared to other discotheques in pune .Damn cheap drinks...:3 / 5Value for money Economical too : DHighly Recommended a little high on prices Tend to charge minimum billing for tables - beware .some items may be over - priced some items may be over - priced price is also affordable ....there's no doubt they are so famous and pull in so much crowd despite the prices being on the higher side .but it definitely is not worth the price ...but it definitely is not worth the price ...the food is highly priced slightly over priced .Kept wanting moreYes place is a little expensive ..Awesome food n also light on pocket in simple words..We can pay for the food as the quality is so superior although it is veg .really awesome the chicken tornado is spicy very juicy and tendered chicken and the place is also pocket friendly .for the food i found it a lil overpriced ..; ) worth every penny paid .and it doesn't even cost that many pennies .Corporate Discounts .though a bit expensive ) Its pretty cheap .the food is quite good and most importantly its really value for money .Overall it was fun without a hole in the pocket when u don't have the money to afford the foreign pizza giants ..over priced food with pathetic taste ..! good and its not very heavy on pocket for the mughlai food it is very good place .the place is very pocket friendly , you could stuff yourself to a point where you cant move and the maximum amount per person would come to inr 370 .if i wanted to just unwind , hear the wind and the chimes ring while i read my book , i'd probably head here to blow my monthly budget for some just - about - alright food .the prices , The bill doesn ' t come with the discounted amount , you have to explicitly ask for it .it was too expensive and worthless ...but still place is very appealing cost wise the food and drinks are very costly for Cost Reasonable enough and a " once try out " location .for the prices they have , the food was served in meager quantities .over priced since its a 5 - star - like ambience , but a sure shot feel - good feeling .Though the rates of thr dishes are exuberant some of them are worth giving it a shot .I feel its lil over priced for the spread they have .and my visit was worth the huge hole in my pocket a little expensive , .lets b honest , dere is no point showing loyalty to dis place n persons who doesnt care abt VFM fundas can go bck again n again .Bit costly for foodies .great economical option when compared to likes of Domino and Pizza hutit's store location is great , nestled away from traffic Running out of cash and want to catch a beer during the evening ?moderately priced , must visit Of course a little on the expensive side .a good option to go with a bunch of friends and eat your full without feeling the pinch in pocket .You walk out of this restaurant with a hole in your pocket but also with a feeling of contentment .Tried there single malt and isnt very expensive .the restaurant is a fine - dining and is very expensive ...with too many service charges and taxes a bit expensive for the quantity they provide but it's good for spending 550 here u can go to bbq nation ...Quite expensive I found it .A place must visit totally money worth ....i feel that it doesn't worth your money at all .Pocket friendly .food n drinks on d pricier side .Starters ( Chicken , fish ) are priced around Rs 300 - 400 with drinks also priced around the same amount .n i love their budget friendly combo meals ..The bill slapped at the end makes u feel , that u have been robbed..The bill slapped at the end makes u feel , that u have been robbed....n worth every penny Heavy on pocket : ) .all that with no big hole in the pocket that we were expecting ...Had been to the restaurant a couple of times and tried both a la carte as well as buffet and i can say every penny is worth it .price are reasonable .The drinks were well priced .Expensive on lower side .totally worth the money .the amount of food served is worth the money and hence i say it is money well spent .Yes , the door is little so please do work out and go : D , and it ' s slight on the expensive side , so do have a drink or two before you pay the bill : ) .but overpriced for what it really is .It really pinched me the money I wasted in Urban Asia .this place is costly Poor customer service coupled with food that just did not justify the prices ruined our family lunch .Just a little tight on the pocket .Super Cheap in Alcohol .Bill : 2500 with tax .though i found it over prised .....pricy for the quality and size of portions they serve .The place is for youngsters And college going people since its not too harsh on the pocket .The place is for youngsters And college going people since its not too harsh on the pocket .A very nice place but i found it a bit expensive .for the price i paid , it was a rip - off prices r a lil high ....Rs.700 on the pocket .the place is very unreasonably high priced compared to the other really great restro - pubsin that vicinity .Quite expensive on drinks and food .my , my the things on offer on such an affordable price .breakfast is just 320 / - including tax which is so reasonable for the international experience .Slightly expensive given the portions served .Slightly expensive given the portions served ...sister concern of warehouse cafe...Gud place to visit but expensive to students .Absolute gem of a place for cost efficient dining experience quite ordinary for a place like this which makes u expect a lot and the prices that you pay ..The hookah was a bit costly ( starts from 1000 bucks + taxes ) but rest was ok .And the best thing , u get a 15 % discount on AXIS bank cards.but quantity against my money Really Poor .i would say name sayz it all.Just pricey though .But if you want to have a budgeted meal , go to the ground floor .you can have a stomach full meal at a reasonable price .
if u hv deep pockets u can try it out .
Liquor rates are not very high .
So , in all I did not find the quality in accordance to the prices 
cost is vey much affordable
the place is over priced and i was not at all happy with the quantity they provided .
Taxes on drinks bit us badly : ( 
But way overpriced IMHO .
i became a fan of dis place after getting the cheque....
although its pre - cooked ( they microwave it ) its still pretty damn good considering the price .
all in all , every item is reasonably priced and tastes great at the same time .
but after i ate such chopsuey in Kolkata at a cheaper rate , the image of this chopsuey came to my mind and i had to question the value for cost of this item .
though i'll greatly question the value for money .
would refer Chung - fa more , as for me , " value for money " is the point that matters the most .
i would definitely agree with one of my fellow reviewer , that it does have some funny taxes added to the bill .
Drinks are bit cheaper compared to other discotheques in pune .
Damage : Stag Entry Rs 1000 and couple also for Rs 1000 .
Drinks are bit cheaper compared to other discotheques in pune .
Damn cheap drinks...
:3 / 5Value for money 
Economical too : DHighly Recommended 
a little high on prices 
Tend to charge minimum billing for tables - beware .
some items may be over - priced 
some items may be over - priced 
price is also affordable ....
there's no doubt they are so famous and pull in so much crowd despite the prices being on the higher side .
but it definitely is not worth the price ...
but it definitely is not worth the price ...
the food is highly priced 
slightly over priced .
Kept wanting moreYes place is a little expensive .
.Awesome food n also light on pocket 
in simple words..
We can pay for the food as the quality is so superior although it is veg .
really awesome the chicken tornado is spicy very juicy and tendered chicken and the place is also pocket friendly .
for the food i found it a lil overpriced ..
; ) 
worth every penny paid .
and it doesn't even cost that many pennies .
Corporate Discounts .
though a bit expensive ) 
Its pretty cheap .
the food is quite good and most importantly its really value for money .
Overall it was fun without a hole in the pocket 
when u don't have the money to afford the foreign pizza giants ..
over priced food with pathetic taste ..! 
good and its not very heavy on pocket for the mughlai food it is very good place .
the place is very pocket friendly , you could stuff yourself to a point where you cant move and the maximum amount per person would come to inr 370 .
if i wanted to just unwind , hear the wind and the chimes ring while i read my book , i'd probably head here to blow my monthly budget for some just - about - alright food .
the prices , 
The bill doesn ' t come with the discounted amount , you have to explicitly ask for it .
it was too expensive and worthless ...
but still place is very appealing cost wise the food and drinks are very costly 
for Cost 
Reasonable enough and a " once try out " location .
for the prices they have , the food was served in meager quantities .
over priced since its a 5 - star - like ambience , but a sure shot feel - good feeling .
Though the rates of thr dishes are exuberant some of them are worth giving it a shot .
I feel its lil over priced for the spread they have .
and my visit was worth the huge hole in my pocket 
a little expensive , 
.lets b honest , dere is no point showing loyalty to dis place n persons who doesnt care abt VFM fundas can go bck again n again .
Bit costly for foodies .
great economical option when compared to likes of Domino and Pizza hutit's store location is great , nestled away from traffic 
Running out of cash and want to catch a beer during the evening ?
moderately priced , must visit 
Of course a little on the expensive side .
a good option to go with a bunch of friends and eat your full without feeling the pinch in pocket .
You walk out of this restaurant with a hole in your pocket but also with a feeling of contentment .
Tried there single malt and isnt very expensive .
the restaurant is a fine - dining and is very expensive .
..with too many service charges and taxes 
a bit expensive for the quantity they provide but it's good 
for spending 550 here u can go to bbq nation ...
Quite expensive I found it .
A place must visit totally money worth 
....
i feel that it doesn't worth your money at all .
Pocket friendly .
food n drinks on d pricier side .
Starters ( Chicken , fish ) are priced around Rs 300 - 400 with drinks also priced around the same amount .
n i love their budget friendly combo meals ..
The bill slapped at the end makes u feel , that u have been robbed..
The bill slapped at the end makes u feel , that u have been robbed..
..n worth every penny 
Heavy on pocket : ) .
all that with no big hole in the pocket that we were expecting ...
Had been to the restaurant a couple of times and tried both a la carte as well as buffet and i can say every penny is worth it .
price are reasonable .
The drinks were well priced .
Expensive on lower side .
totally worth the money .
the amount of food served is worth the money and hence i say it is money well spent .
Yes , the door is little so please do work out and go : D , and it ' s slight on the expensive side , so do have a drink or two before you pay the bill : ) .
but overpriced for what it really is .
It really pinched me the money I wasted in Urban Asia .
this place is costly 
Poor customer service coupled with food that just did not justify the prices ruined our family lunch .
Just a little tight on the pocket .
Super Cheap in Alcohol .
Bill : 2500 with tax .
though i found it over prised .....
pricy for the quality and size of portions they serve .
The place is for youngsters And college going people since its not too harsh on the pocket .
The place is for youngsters And college going people since its not too harsh on the pocket .
A very nice place but i found it a bit expensive .
for the price i paid , it was a rip - off 
prices r a lil high ....
Rs.700 on the pocket .
the place is very unreasonably high priced compared to the other really great restro - pubsin that vicinity .
Quite expensive on drinks and food .
my , my the things on offer on such an affordable price .
breakfast is just 320 / - including tax which is so reasonable for the international experience .
Slightly expensive given the portions served .
Slightly expensive given the portions served .
..sister concern of warehouse cafe...
Gud place to visit but expensive to students .
Absolute gem of a place for cost efficient dining experience 
quite ordinary for a place like this which makes u expect a lot and the prices that you pay ..
The hookah was a bit costly ( starts from 1000 bucks + taxes ) but rest was ok .
And the best thing , u get a 15 % discount on AXIS bank cards.
but quantity against my money Really Poor .
i would say name sayz it all.
Just pricey though .
But if you want to have a budgeted meal , go to the ground floor .
