The delivery took a long time even though my place was very near to the restaurant .a special shout - out here for the lovely staff .top - notch .well maintained dress by waiterI would rate the service of this restaurant way below the 5 star standards .Yes , when it was Park Plaza the service was good but now I don ' t recommend .good service .only issue is that staff saying " mojeetos " when it should be " moheetos " .then final a senior steward came and helped us .When we reached the place - Mr Tejraj at the booking desk was very abrupt in his conversation and told us that they have already received bookings a couple of days back and all tables are full - when we tried explaining that we were communicated differently on the phone abt bookings , his attitude was very callous and without explaining there was a goof up on communication on his side , told us that there are no tables available .The person on the phone responded that it is walk in culture and no bookings are accepted on the phone .good delivery timing and and Pizza Hut standard maintained infact one of the guys even offered to plug my phone to the speakers so that we could have it loud .such nice people can only happen on a bar .amazing Hospitality ....the service is over the counter exchange , so not much to write about that the welcoming attitude of the staff was good .however , both the waiter and my friend suggested some good items from the menu .:3.5 / 5service but guess what , we were informed by a waitress with very limited communication skills that the chefs have run away ( or something ) & amp ; so , non of that stuff is available , even worse , even dishes on the regular menu are not available .waiters are courteous enough to make you feel special if you are there on a special occassion .but the hospitality and service is poor .but the cold hospitality hampers the feel .i got a call from the ceo last night , apologizing for the human error .and today , he personally visited me to apologize .i am really glad that the management acknowledge their mistake and the zeal and passion he showed towards food and hospitality .It has a very slow processing at the counter .Trust me very slow .as the place was full i had to wait a long for my order , but i think this kinda scenario isn't new for Gulati so i expected that they had plans for making the service fast .Next , the food came in batches and we were made to wait a long time before the next order arrived .and another half an hour for the order to come ..the service has not exceptional and the menu is pretty standard for a Punjabi / Mughlai restaurant .the service is superb .the waiters are helpful and very quick , regardless of whether the place is bursting with people or not .staff is good ..But i ignore it becoz gettin home delivered food at these hours are a gift .service is nice , polite and courteous .:/ service staff is also very good ...hospitality was very good ....staff was quick and responsive ...the staff seems to be courteous except for one .....Its late night you can be tired after partying and might have had only finger food or like you are all awake and studying and don ' t feel like nagging someone to cook or it can be like you are just plane jane hungry , BATMAN is the messiah , the solution to your hunger pangs and believe me you will like the food too .Its not about the food , its not about its location , its all about the late night deliveries .The best part is that it delvers food and more , like basic stuffs , late at night .the service is prompt and good .the service we recieved both the times had been a bit different ..when you enter the place , a staff member will lead you to your seat .but then when we were waiting for someone to take our order , and then the order to be delivered , it took like forever before the wait came to an end .customer service is very good .but the quality of language communication was slightly not upto the mark .worst service ...lack of co ordination and ignorance to customers but the major problem is u have to wait in queue and wait for a long tome before they serve you .the food took almost one hour to come to the tables .also , the service is good .They adhere to the timings and dont delay at any cost .Batman services comes to my rescue every now and then .The attendant at the other end was patient , courteous and also helpful as we were trying to finalize the order on call itself .The godsend initiative of delivering food at odd hours has and will help most of us .On reaching the place , they start taking good care of you , the seats were well reserved .We called the manager and got a confirmed booking .and all dis after waiting half n hour outside d restro ..and not to mention bad service ..as the place is never empty your order will take time to reach your table and trust me it is worth waiting because when it comes to pizza's they are beyond words .If you ' re going to buy a 1Kg of sweets won ' t take you more than 5mins .They have their own parking area but parking might be a problem in rush hour .long waiting usually .they lit up our table on special request .the service can be a bit slow coming to the service , yes it was up to the class ......Something that is only available post 11pm in gurgaon it ' s the only option to get good if you are working late .everything is class and even waiters are very generous and will tell you wats the best available in the house .the female attendant had some class and was very humble .horrible service they do not serve food they just keep the dish on the table .we often order from Gulati for home delivery ...and i dont know the name of the server , But waiting for few mins will surely get ur table .but the service is shockingly slow .very bad service .pathetic Service .but lousy service ......u got to pull up those guys to make them get cracking but the host who took my order hadn't studied the menu well , there were some items on the menu that i discussed with him about which he had no clue.The bar tenders were very slow and slightly clumsy.The server was finding it difficult to serve us the khaosuey he dropped a little in my cooler and my clothes .A lady named Priyanka was kind enough to get us a table a day before .but i wish the tables were cleaner .He suggest us for the menu and we called for the stuffs he suggested all were really good .The owner of the restaurant was present there a very kind and humble man .When reaching there i manage to get a table for 4 after waiting for 10 mins .I had ordered duck though it was a disappointment to my expectation and they were courteous enough to change my order at no extra cost .the service is quick and the best thing is you get your drinks too .By far the worst place I had been too , the wait time for this place is ridiculous .They did not change the place Matt and no forks , spoon were at the table .The handle of the kebab skewers were totally filthy every time I when I kept turning the skewers black grease were stuck on my hand .Oh yes the buffet , I was baffled people kept putting different spoons different dishes cause no other spoons were provided .Order one home .the man behind the bar surely does know how to mix those cocktails right .the staff is nice ..and really attends you well ....that they care about their customers that they care about their customers Better for delivery than dine in .also , reservations are highly recommended .Could be a lot more attentive .I ordered a drink which wasn ' t available , had to stay happy with some other drink instead .i always have them delivered at my home and the service is always prompt .we had to call for the starters .i went there only twice as i get most of my food delivered at home itself ..And .wrost serving .food was below average and have to wait for the rotis's , Water even not served on time .However when i asked the steward to change our table he said that they do not have any table avaliable at the moment .Resturants being so commercial that they do not think about the comfort of the customer are an absolute no no no .The waiter kept asking us to leave cause they required more tables , even when we kept ordering drinks...by the end it pissed us off so we just left n decided to go to the hidden place in kp .The thing that really struck me about this place was that the housekeeping was on its toes throughout the evening .Because of the full cover entry , there were a lot of people getting drunk and a few glasses being broken but the housekeeping ensured noone got hurt and the place was cleaned immediately .The tables were cleared regularly .We were greeted this sweet lady who was so patient with us .And lastly shawarma was cud have presented well instead of placing roll cut into two and placed in empty plate .We were warm welcomed by a lady and were suggested the sofa to comfort with .Wait for sometime...very rudely...I was happieee wid food butt...not at all happieee with that guy behaviour....and plz if you are going for a disc party .RUDE Also the added advantage of getting food till late night in one of prime areas of delhi .the service Is also quite good .Table booking in advance is highly recommended .takes too long to take orders .Even though it was pre mix , the gesture was nice .i saw the chef staring at me from far end with bated breath ..the Chef smiled at me and went by .the staff they come to your table introduce themselves get to know a bit about you and guide you with your food choices accordingly .if they think you are being to too risky with your taste buds they will hint appropriately .the waitress who attended to us was extremely pushy and doing a hard sell .her objective was for us to buy bottles and not glasses of any drinks that we enquired about .we repeatedly asked the waiters to tone down the volume when parting ways the manager asked for feedback and this was immediately conveyed to him .Before we could even say anything damage control was already in action .) we ordered were taking a while .Luckily got a table , whilst others crib about their reservation policies .even deliveries take an hour .It ' s basically a good place to order from if you stay nearby .something which i don't like here is the service which i get here .you will be Ignored if you ask for extra sauce or Raitha or even water .nd services are really good but you should go at least 3 hrs before closing because one would love to spend time a lot there ...they will serve biryani in a paper plate .....however one thing the authorities should look into is the non functioning escalator thats reqd to be rode to reach the restaurant.....a trouble for the aged....hope dat gets sorted quickly .true value for money , even the manager visited and asked about the meal and what can he do better the next time .suggestion take a reservation it can be crowded and waiting could take long .I was disappointed with the visit.first we were seated at a table which was not cleaned post the last visit , after repeated requests the table was cleaned.we were served the menu but no water .a reservation is highly recommended at all times .Staffs are polite and courteous .Very helpful .service was good enough .thanks for the hospitality .The best part is that where else would you get good food at 1.00 am in the night i have gotten them home delivered so i wouldnt know of their dine in facilities ...mr raj singh was best at his hospitality nature .the service was very good and all staff are funny & amp ; cool ( out of the box ) special thanks to jai nayak .Though the services were slow then compared to other Pizza Houses , but it ' s worth a wait They should just stand within earshot of diners and let them enjoy their privacy .I ' ll start with the bad bit - their high handedness .On your entry you ' re courteously taken to your booked table .No walk in guests are entertained .Just a very important notice , if you are going to this place for the very first time please make a reservation and go , otherwise you would end up eating and drinking at the bar which is very uncomfortable I would recommend a reservation if you plan to go on a weekend or in large groups .service was also quick despite lot of crowd .the ambience was good so are the staffs , they were really friendly and welcoming , never experienced such generous behaviour in any other restaurant ..even chef would visit you and ask if any alteration is needed on the food .I booked place on phone but still it took 30 mins to get .Every order took 45 mins .& amp ; finally the hospitality and sometimes the customised dishes by chef based on our choice ...Every single time I ' ve called them I haven ' t been able to make a reservation .it took them 45 mins to serve tomato soup .very slow service while serving of reminder finally 30 minutes later we received pulav .He didnt have a smile on his face also..the place didnt attract me at all .Sitting here right now & amp ; must say the management is extremely screwed up To begin with , we weren ' t offered a menu for good 20 mins till I finally asked for it .But was pleasantly surprised to be seated in minutes .We reached there without a reservation in a Saturday night .we were warmly welcomed and guided well to the outdoor of the lounge .prior reservation is recommended .service is quick ..I have one complain though - they do not take bookings for days in advance .but service and croed management was fine.Morever , the cutlery they use will make you feel royal .On entering we were given the menu about five minutes later that too on asking for it .I guess I will prefer a home delivery from next timeThanks for the meal excellent service .And the serving boys were also very helpful in choosing from this variety of foods .The royal plates and cutleries add to the fare .If we sit simply waiting for them to refill means they will come late ...If we sit simply waiting for them to refill means they will come late ...Parking can be an issue # MG Road blues.# reservation in advance is kind of mandatory for the balcony table .but ignorant service where we had to struggle to get things from the servers it was hard to get stuff from servers and the whole mood was marred by this .But as soon as we informed them , they brought him another dish .Dennis especially , was very helpful and cordial .( And yes , make that reservation ) But as soon as we informed them , they brought him another dish .their service is quick , friendly and caring .That made me realize that a large percentage of revenue must be from home deliveries .So we called the waiter to confirm that whether this dish is vegetarian and he said yes , so we continued eating .He said I ' ll cancel your order but please don ' t tell anybody .Waiters friendly gesture an add on .I ' ve rated it 4.5 only because they take a little long to serve .Finally after a great deal of determination and daunting table reservation system on weekends of this not so professionally managed Restaurant , we got ourself a table .delivery time is good , people offering service are quite helpful when you it comes to helping you out with your orders if you're new and they are good at handling home deliveries .So home delivery is best suited for this chain .the staff is decent .the service was exceptional with attentive staff and ever - smiling ...............................greeted by a very friendly staff and seated swiftly .It took our complaining to get the waiters to run around the room with that electric fly swatter while we sat there covering the food .we got no response when we requested to join the adjacent table ..it took a way longer time for them to get it coz he didnt knew i was waiting lol Non intrusive yet very very alert .I forced to call the chef who was generous enough to change the dish for us .the staff are extremely polite and attentive , makes for a great dining experience .service also needs to be improved .staffs were not good .we had a reservation so got a place to sit .But make sure to get reservation coz th place gts crowded .the service was good and staff cooperative .They make you feel very comfortable .Valet Parking always available .Alternatively you can opt for a takeaway .Prior Reservation is a must as they are always fully booked .best part is it delivers till 3 we were welcomed and seated .It was weekend and rush hour , yet we were seated in minutes .The bartender even allowed us to sample some sugarcane juice given I was keen to try it out .they are fast they are genuine and they serve delicious .ted Batman services comes to my rescue every now and then .though - sometimes the servers dont understand the order properly ..they need proper training ..poor service ..servers need to be more polite ..I don ' t recall about the promptness of delivery , so that ' s a blind spot I will cover the next time .first of all i was really happy with the service , even such professional prompt and friendly service is usually the exception rather than the rule in new restaurants .I went there with my family n would like to tell u guys about their service this time .I threw in dustbin and I complained but no reply .presentation is great .service prompt .The delivery took a long time even though my place was very near to the restaurant .
a special shout - out here for the lovely staff .
top - notch .
well maintained dress by waiter
I would rate the service of this restaurant way below the 5 star standards .
Yes , when it was Park Plaza the service was good but now I don ' t recommend .
good service .
only issue is that staff saying " mojeetos " when it should be " moheetos " .
then final a senior steward came and helped us .
When we reached the place - Mr Tejraj at the booking desk was very abrupt in his conversation and told us that they have already received bookings a couple of days back and all tables are full - when we tried explaining that we were communicated differently on the phone abt bookings , his attitude was very callous and without explaining there was a goof up on communication on his side , told us that there are no tables available .
The person on the phone responded that it is walk in culture and no bookings are accepted on the phone .
good delivery timing and and Pizza Hut standard maintained 
infact one of the guys even offered to plug my phone to the speakers so that we could have it loud .
such nice people can only happen on a bar .
amazing Hospitality ....
the service is over the counter exchange , so not much to write about that 
the welcoming attitude of the staff was good .
however , both the waiter and my friend suggested some good items from the menu .
:3.5 / 5service 
but guess what , we were informed by a waitress with very limited communication skills that the chefs have run away ( or something ) & amp ; so , non of that stuff is available , even worse , even dishes on the regular menu are not available .
waiters are courteous enough to make you feel special if you are there on a special occassion .
but the hospitality and service is poor .
but the cold hospitality hampers the feel .
i got a call from the ceo last night , apologizing for the human error .
and today , he personally visited me to apologize .
i am really glad that the management acknowledge their mistake and the zeal and passion he showed towards food and hospitality .
It has a very slow processing at the counter .
Trust me very slow .
as the place was full i had to wait a long for my order , 
but i think this kinda scenario isn't new for Gulati so i expected that they had plans for making the service fast .
Next , the food came in batches and we were made to wait a long time before the next order arrived .
and another half an hour for the order to come ..
the service has not exceptional and the menu is pretty standard for a Punjabi / Mughlai restaurant .
the service is superb .
the waiters are helpful and very quick , regardless of whether the place is bursting with people or not .
staff is good ..
But i ignore it becoz gettin home delivered food at these hours are a gift .
service is nice , polite and courteous .
:/ service 
staff is also very good ...
hospitality was very good ....
staff was quick and responsive ...
the staff seems to be courteous except for one ...
..
Its late night you can be tired after partying and might have had only finger food or like you are all awake and studying and don ' t feel like nagging someone to cook or it can be like you are just plane jane hungry , BATMAN is the messiah , the solution to your hunger pangs and believe me you will like the food too .
Its not about the food , its not about its location , its all about the late night deliveries .
The best part is that it delvers food and more , like basic stuffs , late at night .
the service is prompt and good .
the service we recieved both the times had been a bit different ..
when you enter the place , a staff member will lead you to your seat .
but then when we were waiting for someone to take our order , and then the order to be delivered , it took like forever before the wait came to an end .
customer service is very good .
but the quality of language communication was slightly not upto the mark .
worst service ...
lack of co ordination and ignorance to customers 
but the major problem is u have to wait in queue and wait for a long tome before they serve you .
the food took almost one hour to come to the tables .
also , the service is good .
They adhere to the timings and dont delay at any cost .
Batman services comes to my rescue every now and then .
The attendant at the other end was patient , courteous and also helpful as we were trying to finalize the order on call itself .
The godsend initiative of delivering food at odd hours has and will help most of us .
On reaching the place , they start taking good care of you , the seats were well reserved .
We called the manager and got a confirmed booking .
and all dis after waiting half n hour outside d restro ..
and not to mention bad service ..
as the place is never empty your order will take time to reach your table and trust me it is worth waiting because when it comes to pizza's they are beyond words .
If you ' re going to buy a 1Kg of sweets won ' t take you more than 5mins .
They have their own parking area but parking might be a problem in rush hour .
long waiting usually .
they lit up our table on special request .
the service can be a bit slow 
coming to the service , yes it was up to the class ...
...
Something that is only available post 11pm in gurgaon it ' s the only option to get good if you are working late .
everything is class and even waiters are very generous and will tell you wats the best available in the house .
the female attendant had some class and was very humble .
horrible service they do not serve food they just keep the dish on the table .
we often order from Gulati for home delivery ...
and i dont know the name of the server , 
But waiting for few mins will surely get ur table .
but the service is shockingly slow .
very bad service .
pathetic Service .
but lousy service ......
u got to pull up those guys to make them get cracking 
but the host who took my order hadn't studied the menu well , there were some items on the menu that i discussed with him about which he had no clue.
The bar tenders were very slow and slightly clumsy.
The server was finding it difficult to serve us the khaosuey he dropped a little in my cooler and my clothes .
A lady named Priyanka was kind enough to get us a table a day before .
but i wish the tables were cleaner .
He suggest us for the menu and we called for the stuffs he suggested all were really good .
The owner of the restaurant was present there a very kind and humble man .
When reaching there i manage to get a table for 4 after waiting for 10 mins .
I had ordered duck though it was a disappointment to my expectation and they were courteous enough to change my order at no extra cost .
the service is quick and the best thing is you get your drinks too .
By far the worst place I had been too , the wait time for this place is ridiculous .
They did not change the place Matt and no forks , spoon were at the table .
The handle of the kebab skewers were totally filthy every time I when I kept turning the skewers black grease were stuck on my hand .
Oh yes the buffet , I was baffled people kept putting different spoons different dishes cause no other spoons were provided .
Order one home .
the man behind the bar surely does know how to mix those cocktails right .
the staff is nice ..
and really attends you well ....
that they care about their customers 
that they care about their customers 
Better for delivery than dine in .
also , reservations are highly recommended .
Could be a lot more attentive .
I ordered a drink which wasn ' t available , had to stay happy with some other drink instead .
i always have them delivered at my home and the service is always prompt .
we had to call for the starters .
i went there only twice as i get most of my food delivered at home itself ..
And .wrost serving .
food was below average and have to wait for the rotis's , Water even not served on time .
However when i asked the steward to change our table he said that they do not have any table avaliable at the moment .
Resturants being so commercial that they do not think about the comfort of the customer are an absolute no no no .
The waiter kept asking us to leave cause they required more tables , even when we kept ordering drinks...by the end it pissed us off so we just left n decided to go to the hidden place in kp .
The thing that really struck me about this place was that the housekeeping was on its toes throughout the evening .
Because of the full cover entry , there were a lot of people getting drunk and a few glasses being broken but the housekeeping ensured noone got hurt and the place was cleaned immediately .
The tables were cleared regularly .
We were greeted this sweet lady who was so patient with us .
And lastly shawarma was cud have presented well instead of placing roll cut into two and placed in empty plate .
We were warm welcomed by a lady and were suggested the sofa to comfort with .
Wait for sometime...very rudely...I was happieee wid food butt...not at all happieee with that guy behaviour....and plz if you are going for a disc party .
RUDE 
Also the added advantage of getting food till late night in one of prime areas of delhi .
the service Is also quite good .
Table booking in advance is highly recommended .
takes too long to take orders .
Even though it was pre mix , the gesture was nice .
i saw the chef staring at me from far end with bated breath ..
the Chef smiled at me and went by .
the staff 
they come to your table introduce themselves get to know a bit about you and guide you with your food choices accordingly .
if they think you are being to too risky with your taste buds they will hint appropriately .
the waitress who attended to us was extremely pushy and doing a hard sell .
her objective was for us to buy bottles and not glasses of any drinks that we enquired about .
we repeatedly asked the waiters to tone down the volume 
when parting ways the manager asked for feedback and this was immediately conveyed to him .
Before we could even say anything damage control was already in action .
) we ordered were taking a while .
Luckily got a table , whilst others crib about their reservation policies .
even deliveries take an hour .
It ' s basically a good place to order from if you stay nearby .
something which i don't like here is the service which i get here .
you will be Ignored if you ask for extra sauce or Raitha or even water .
nd services are really good but you should go at least 3 hrs before closing because one would love to spend time a lot there ...
they will serve biryani in a paper plate .
....however one thing the authorities should look into is the non functioning escalator thats reqd to be rode to reach the restaurant.....a trouble for the aged....hope dat gets sorted quickly .
true value for money , even the manager visited and asked about the meal and what can he do better the next time .
suggestion take a reservation it can be crowded and waiting could take long .
I was disappointed with the visit.first we were seated at a table which was not cleaned post the last visit , after repeated requests the table was cleaned.we were served the menu but no water .
a reservation is highly recommended at all times .
Staffs are polite and courteous .
Very helpful .
service was good enough .
thanks for the hospitality .
The best part is that where else would you get good food at 1.00 am in the night 
i have gotten them home delivered so i wouldnt know of their dine in facilities ...
mr raj singh was best at his hospitality nature .
the service was very good and all staff are funny & amp ; cool ( out of the box ) special thanks to jai nayak .
Though the services were slow then compared to other Pizza Houses , but it ' s worth a wait 
They should just stand within earshot of diners and let them enjoy their privacy .
I ' ll start with the bad bit - their high handedness .
On your entry you ' re courteously taken to your booked table .
No walk in guests are entertained .
Just a very important notice , if you are going to this place for the very first time please make a reservation and go , otherwise you would end up eating and drinking at the bar which is very uncomfortable 
I would recommend a reservation if you plan to go on a weekend or in large groups .
service was also quick despite lot of crowd .
the ambience was good so are the staffs , they were really friendly and welcoming , never experienced such generous behaviour in any other restaurant ..
even chef would visit you and ask if any alteration is needed on the food .
I booked place on phone but still it took 30 mins to get .
Every order took 45 mins .
& amp ; finally the hospitality and sometimes the customised dishes by chef based on our choice ...
Every single time I ' ve called them I haven ' t been able to make a reservation .
it took them 45 mins to serve tomato soup .
very slow service while serving 
of reminder finally 30 minutes later we received pulav .
He didnt have a smile on his face also..the place didnt attract me at all .
Sitting here right now & amp ; must say the management is extremely screwed up 
To begin with , we weren ' t offered a menu for good 20 mins till I finally asked for it .
But was pleasantly surprised to be seated in minutes .
We reached there without a reservation in a Saturday night .
we were warmly welcomed and guided well to the outdoor of the lounge .
prior reservation is recommended .
service is quick ..
I have one complain though - they do not take bookings for days in advance .
but service and croed management was fine.
Morever , the cutlery they use will make you feel royal .
On entering we were given the menu about five minutes later that too on asking for it .
I guess I will prefer a home delivery from next timeThanks for the meal 
excellent service .
And the serving boys were also very helpful in choosing from this variety of foods .
The royal plates and cutleries add to the fare .
If we sit simply waiting for them to refill means they will come late ...
If we sit simply waiting for them to refill means they will come late ...
Parking can be an issue # MG Road blues.
# reservation in advance is kind of mandatory for the balcony table .
but ignorant service where we had to struggle to get things from the servers 
it was hard to get stuff from servers and the whole mood was marred by this .
But as soon as we informed them , they brought him another dish .
Dennis especially , was very helpful and cordial .
( And yes , make that reservation ) 
But as soon as we informed them , they brought him another dish .
their service is quick , friendly and caring .
That made me realize that a large percentage of revenue must be from home deliveries .
So we called the waiter to confirm that whether this dish is vegetarian and he said yes , so we continued eating .
He said I ' ll cancel your order but please don ' t tell anybody .
Waiters friendly gesture an add on .
I ' ve rated it 4.5 only because they take a little long to serve .
Finally after a great deal of determination and daunting table reservation system on weekends of this not so professionally managed Restaurant , we got ourself a table .
delivery time is good , people offering service are quite helpful when you it comes to helping you out with your orders if you're new and they are good at handling home deliveries .
So home delivery is best suited for this chain .
the staff is decent .
the service was exceptional with attentive staff and ever - smiling ...............................
greeted by a very friendly staff and seated swiftly .
It took our complaining to get the waiters to run around the room with that electric fly swatter while we sat there covering the food .
we got no response when we requested to join the adjacent table .
.it took a way longer time for them to get it coz he didnt knew i was waiting lol 
Non intrusive yet very very alert .
I forced to call the chef who was generous enough to change the dish for us .
the staff are extremely polite and attentive , makes for a great dining experience .
service also needs to be improved .
staffs were not good .
we had a reservation so got a place to sit .
But make sure to get reservation coz th place gts crowded .
the service was good and staff cooperative .
They make you feel very comfortable .
Valet Parking always available .
Alternatively you can opt for a takeaway .
Prior Reservation is a must as they are always fully booked .
best part is it delivers till 3 
we were welcomed and seated .
It was weekend and rush hour , yet we were seated in minutes .
The bartender even allowed us to sample some sugarcane juice given I was keen to try it out .
they are fast they are genuine and they serve delicious .
ted Batman services comes to my rescue every now and then .
though - sometimes the servers dont understand the order properly ..
they need proper training ..
poor service ..
servers need to be more polite ..
I don ' t recall about the promptness of delivery , so that ' s a blind spot I will cover the next time .
first of all i was really happy with the service , even 
such professional prompt and friendly service is usually the exception rather than the rule in new restaurants .
I went there with my family n would like to tell u guys about their service this time .
I threw in dustbin and I complained but no reply .
presentation is great .
service prompt .
