Enjoy rooftop pool side dinning in summers..place had an ambiance that was ok .Really happy with the minute details they considered while designing the place .If you visit there just spend time looking at the pictures of Bengal , the " Ekla Chalo Re " art work , the antique furniture .Don ' t forget to go through the collection of books they have till the time food is been served .but a beautiful and serene environment more than makes up for it ...too satisfying for comfort ...i have been to this place for lunch as well as dinners and felt that the look of the place changed with the time of the day .like , there is a bakery , an open area restaurant , another closed area restaurant in the first floor , the elevated stage where performances are organised , the swimming pool area , the bar area and so on .The interiors as mentioned earlier also is quite good and traditional .Decorated nicely with old masterpieces and really beautifully clicked photographs .We went on the Christmas eve for a dinner and decided for a rooftop exp.as i entered , it seemed like a wonderland .the ambience of this place is fairly good and it has fair amount sitting space .I especially like the display of bandooks ( guns ) .The carpet hangings on the faux ceiling are a novel touch .the ambience was good , and was as expected from a higher - than - average class of restaurant .:3.5 / 5ambience neways its a small and cozy place with different flavored dishes .interior is completely a / c to give you relief from this sweltering heat .Beautiful place .The place is very tastefully done and has amazing interiors ( and exteriors considering half the place is outdoor ) .EDM on weekdays too at least for now .with a well known DJ .ambience is really good .when i went there , they had lit up candles on the tables , giving it a romantic look .light are really good .!good place for entertainment..!the decor and dining area is good Amazing interior .60 ML is nice place with nice interiors ( hopefully you will never get chance see this because maximum time light are off ) .Also you can ' t expect a serene din as half of the city is crammed into it .The place also had a couple of artists performing .To begin with the evening you can enjoy drinks by the pool .They could have so much more crowd and people if they just time down the volume .The outdoor seating is extremely well done and provides a feel good factor both in the day as well as evening time .ambience is perfect for a family outing but avoid if you're out on a romantic date as it gets pretty crowded .good ambience .Amazing view of Mumbai , from this place .amazing ambience ambience - 2.5 ( they haven't changed much - :5 / 5Ambience awith The Amazing And Mersmerising Ambiance , It Would Blow Your Mind .it Is Just The Environment That Makes You Feel Good .the Uniquely Designed Seatings Are Very Good .This well lit and well designed restaurant is a welcome break from the monotonous eateries from this part of the world .Great interiors Best day to be present is on a Saturday , which is the commercial night .ambiance is what made me give it a 3.5 and not 4 ..If ur lookin for a great place to dine , try wild dining its classicaly authentic n has a great theme ( jungle ) .the hotel is a modest place with a 6 or 7 old indian dhaba styled tables , and by the looks of it isn't very classy or hygienic place .the first reaction that one would get seeing the place would be saddening , situated by the main road Dada Boudi Hotel looked small & amp ; dingy sufficed with sunmica - ed tables & amp ; benches where 3 people had to squeeze themselves to eat the other one inside is stark under the sun with a mere cloth piece serving as a roof ( near the parking area ) .all in all a lovely time with good retro music and ambiance which made us feel like being in Goa .Top floor makes it more glamours then it could be .The view you get is just awesome with cold breezy air.1000 bucks with cover .seeing the interior of the restaurant i thought about taking a parcel on my way back home the interior is ok filled with their own advertising .The terrace grill is a very romantic and peaceful place for those special days when you want to enjoy some nice wine and barbeque .Interiors is no less .interesting beautiful interior .Ambience is really nice with touches of cultures of bengal the photographs hanging on the wall are really good ( loved the photography ) other than that the food feels me homely kind .We had a fabulous candle light dinner .it has Very pleasant and soothing environment this place is huge as i entered the restaurant i was awestruck by the way they have set this up ..the restaurant does get very noisy owing to this plus the projector .The ambiance is nice , and the best part is the singers who put life into the place , post 10pm .The place is nicely done with good view of Jaipur city .I liked the concept They have a disco & amp ; a diner right behindSo entered to have dinner first .the ambience is really nice and romantic if u manage a to get a good corner .the dine in ambiance in not very good so you better take it as parcel and enjoy with your family and friends at your desirable place .Ambience and the tomorrow land collection playing makes the place cool n happening.so starting from the ambience , yes it was high class ....For first timer , you might decide to go some other place by looking @ exterior but awesome TROPICAL colourful environment once you enter .The ambiance is good the service is also good .simple interior , nothing fancy ...Undoubtedly the prettiest place to be .Undoubtedly the prettiest place to be .The outer courtyard is quite small and is only sufficient to seat a family of max.Two other sections are layed out , one on first floor of their part and a small inner hall .the place is quite good as it keeps u engaged with its wall quotes and frames , funny arts which you are waiting for your order to be served and no doubt the ambiance was very soothing and good , no loud music so that you can talk to each other comfortably .never to be meant fr inside sitting, was there for a Sunday evening , the outside seating and the perfect weather made it wonderful i like the whole ambience and decor .If you want to rock from your toes to head , this is the right place for you .Really feel superb in rooftop .their ambiance is also of good standards .nice ambience .....nice Theme Of Black And White ...after ages i sat outdoors and didn't have to worry about mosquitoes .excellent ambiance , i had a wonderful anniversary dinner with my wife .highly recommended , for the privacy , care , and off course some good acid jazz sitting in the tent .only place to chill out with Live Video sessions .listen to your Favorite numbers Chill out in open air and make your day worth ..Amazing view .The best time is to come during the sunset to enjoy the beautiful view .Not the best with designs .some of the very old black & amp ; white picture Posters of India gate under construction , Connaught place during British era are reminiscent of the times this place has seen .good ambience .....View is superb I mean u can c half bangalore from top .the sitting is cozy I loved the decor and the set up .Though I went in the afternoon of a hot day and hence could not sit outside .I plan to visit there in the evening and enjoy having food outside in the setup they have .It ' s located at an excellent location among the greenery of lodhi garden and the setup is super .It ' s quite a cosy one .edm was played the night we went , very good music .you will find the place is not so hi - fi ..no such environment ..the singer sometimes gets carried away and you have to ask the waiter to lower the volume a little And must say interiors are good and classy .One of its kind with white and grey combination .but if they have event then music and environment can be good the ambiance is just too perfect ...the perfect ambiance ...the perfect decor for a garden restaurant ...loved spl the ambience  but if one wants the classic restaurants which have the aroma of onions soaked in vinegar then one has to go to Gulati located in the Pandara Road Market .:getting close to nature should also mean being sensible enough to wear a mosquito repellant patch .nice ambience .good music and crowd .Big screens all around .what a beautiful place for a nice romantic dinner .The shamianas are very neatly made and maintained .If it was just for looks I would rate it 4.5 on 5.Relatively new in Hyderabad but this cafe is gaining momentum midst the rooftops .A giant screen ensures you won ' t miss out on any sports action .A giant screen ensures you won ' t miss out on any sports action .) outside a small clumsy restaurant that hardly qualifies as a restaurant from its looks .it is more like a road side dhaba ( the original ones on the highways and not the fashionable restaurants which have 'dhaba' in their names but actually are 2 - star or 3 - star in their appearance ) .if you are looking for , and habituated to , beautiful decors or gentle ambiances , this is definitely not your cup of tea ( or may be 'plate of biriyani ' ) .Perfect place for a date .the thing which will keep you coming back to this place is the terrace .spectacular views over - looking half of cp , and given it is a corner restaurant , wide open vistas .but with a view like that , who cares about food ..thought that since the property prices are so high that restaurant would be more compact When we arrived they gave us a area which has been designed as a jail cell .When we arrived they gave us a area which has been designed as a jail cell .the first thing which strikes you when you enter this place is that it is huge with an amazing ambience .There are two bars : one inside and one out .I love these really cool , urbane , hip places coming up in Ahmedabad .They played skini lover , for god ' s sake .And they have this little bookshelf of very interesting books , such as notes on a scandal and nacropolis .Their long walls are covered with graffiti of a redefined Ahmedabad , with its iconic heriatge buildings and the modern culture like iim , industries etc ; all juxtaposed with images of fruits and juices flowing all over the place .Separate party area .the place has an amazing ambiance , being on 31st floor and all .the location and height of the place is what strikes you first and you will be spellbound at the view .The cherry on the cake is the huge screen that they have .the ambience is nice .imagine watching almost all of Mumbai from a bird ' s view .its got a very romantic , date - like set up and dinner is served over candle light .i had to go here because it looked stunning and so gorgeous  although this place is breath takingly beautiful the view is stunning .the city lights give you a view that you dont get a chance to experience anywhere else in Bangalore .Beautiful cozy interiors .One of the best places in this part of delhi for a romantic dinner As the name suggests , this place has interiors like a jail with waiters dressed up in stripes and one person roaming around like a superintendent .The layout is pretty standard with all the cutleries on the table .but still for an upmarket place it ' s kinda shabby.with paint chipping of and dirty in some places .A DJ - yes : - p Not to forget the ambience ...the biggest challenge is the ultra high decibel of the music that is belted out in this lounge .he defended it by saying that patrons like loud music .but have decided against it as the loud music is a big put off .Loved Dining at this Restaurant , Must to visit such a lovely place during monsoons or candle lyt dinners .So if you know who ' s playing the night , and you like the genre , this is the place to be .wonderful cozy environment .Rate 5 just for it ' s view .Spectacular .The place has its AC restaurant with it by name RAJINDER XPRESS .421 feet ( I guess I ' m right ) You feel top of the world , hands down , it ' s the best rooftop lounge in Bangalore .decor was fine , every item was upto one's expectation .i loved the interiors , which are very tastefully done .rooftop perfect for Date ....The elevator that gets you to the lounge shows you what height you are at for every floor and your excitement builds .and mostly to those who love music ...They have 2 sections one on the inside and the other one on the outside .However what I liked about the place is their amazing props : ) we had a lot of fun with them .pool Table is the best part there .Nice interiors .Bad music , no life .Definitely for a romantic dinner .Definitely worth for a romantic dinner , if u want to initiate a spark in your partner , the ambience at ebony definitely helps ( only take seats at he balcony for the effect .the songs , interiors , the dances , fun games n the constumes of d waiters tuk us to the village for 2 hours of our prolonged eat - then - stop - take pics - eat meal .Very romantic place .Great food and ambience with a beautiful view of Bangalore City .Roof top , sea side , cool breeze , Amazing place .Indoor sitting , outdoor sitting and a small hall as disc .Needless to mention that the place itself is pretty big and nicely decked up .Beautiful .A pretty view at night .awesome ambience ....We usually go in early or else you may have to wait at the bar for a while which isn ' t too bad either .With their eye catching decor , the fancy beer tubes , that sporty feel and the various games , they give out an impression of a typical sports bar you would find abroad .superb Ambience ...If you are looking for best open dining rooftop restaurant cum lounge in Mumbai .Ambience is amazing and view from the roof top is breath taking .very nice ambience ...Pyramid like place , formerly MOS a lot of year back , now a really fresh change .Pyramid like place , formerly MOS a lot of year back , now a really fresh change .The emphasis on blue was so much that all the pictures clicked came in blue shade .nice loud music and ur gossips make a great combo ..best suited for sunny winter sundays..The interiors are rather dark and lit with neon and jazzy lit red lamps and wall units .can't even hear myself think .Prefer sitting outside .d they have best music dj is so cool and last Rooftop is worth visiting I thought to try this cafe and when i visited there , the place is full of ambience and music , a bit of crowd .Basically you are in between sea view and city view ...so choose wisely because you will b lucky if you ' d be able to switch seats .Take the feel of a tropical place whether inside or outside .Ps : Selfie people , there are quite many props for you to wear on and get yourself clicked .The props are funny and bind the clients up with the cafe.Good jobMust visit on rainy days to feel more tropical .Exterior / interior : Nicely done exteriors and interiors of the place .Yes , you feel tropical as you enter .the ambiance is good as it gives an Italian feel while you are in there .Every hour a Wild Life play is played , good for children ' s.Except for a fact that we need to make plans in advance if we prefer to sit out in the open area a small fountain , tables made of tea glasses and a train above my head When they say High ultra they don ' t really lie its way up .Good crowd , different shots and music make HSSS a must visit .Having a drink with your friends , 100 feet up in the air , under the Stars , with the whole ( almost ) Kolkata skyline in front of you .this is one of the highest lounge of all the lounges i have visited till date , which gives you a breath taking view of Bangalore , especially in late evenings .you have to dress up yourself warm because of the altitude and cold in the outdoor .The best part of the place is to simply sit there at the roof top with that cool breeze and a stupendous bird ' s eye view of Bangalore .I personally feel the best time to go there is on an evening for dinner when rain has just stopped and there is a slight drizzle to accompany you while you are there .lovely interiors , well lit , very pretty decorated umbrellas on the ceiling .n nt to forget their signature 'bell' on d doorway is a nyc touch .The song selection is good .nice place ...The view is spectacular and the breeze keeps the whole mood going Mugshot is minimalistic in design with a lot of neon fixtures , a DJ console and a dance floor specifically to attract hard party lovers who shall shake the night out on the floor .amazing views ...as a matter of fact we really felt Europe inside l'amandier .The best thing about this place is the view which if offers .You can see the skyscrapers and the sea from a different angle .However , the view and the music is definitely worth paying that much .the only thing good about this place is that it looks like a very old and classic place .I absolutely loved the decor at the place .the place is rich in decor , takes you back to an old style dhaba kinda feel .wow nice concept and nice interiors .the concept as a while is really cooland ethnic Love all the Burmese dolls and umbrellas around the place .So you get a royal feeling from the moment you enter the place DJ was good I would say .They have given it a rusty look and it seems some serious cost cutting is done in the ambience of the place .The most amazing view of bangalore metro , mg road and parade grounds .The most amazing view of bangalore metro , mg road and parade grounds .High in sky , a balcony dining , gentle breezes , mouthwatering food .With an amazing rooftop lounge at some 32nd floor of a high - rise , a perfect setting unfortunately they have been able to cash in on the place the ambience is awesome especially their open rooftop which i liked .nice ambience But looks can be very deceptive like they say .You find just two buttons one for the ground and the other for 30th floor , no pitstops in between ; ) As soon as we entered the place , we were flabbergasted..The luxury of this place begins as soon as you enter the lift .Great environment .A rooftop restaurant with good food quality service and nice view .arrangement of couch is pretty good too .i love the ambiance ...:4 / 5Ambience Excellent decor and good .No wonder whenever u enter this place , it ' s all wooden .I can ' t give it a Zero or negative rating hence I ' m giving it a 1!It is a pretentious place that has nothing more than good interiors to offer The sitting area can be a bit off .gnd and 1st floor have good seating with open bar n the beer brew view ( yet to open , may be Oct ) .ambiance is great and you would just love .ambience !Perfect decor , perfect props to enhance the photos n the perfect food i especially like the dome bar side .its movie hall like persona , walls lined with movie posters of all kinds , be it old classics or iconic genre - bearers ; French or Hollywood , ...........The place is extremely well organized and decorated with green plantation .They have various sitting options , including open and covered .The night life is what would make you fall in love with the place .But it had a stage , they must be having music shows on weekends , alas I went on a weekday .relaxing interiors .This place scores even before entering inside , the Blue door it is Where the aroma of a morning coffee or a freshly baked pie welcome you The first time was new year ' s eve , and the second on a Karaoke night ( Wednesdays ) .And a decent effort by the DJ to bring energy into the Karaoke night .Whenever I go to a place with such good ambiance somewhere I am mentally prepared to compromise on the taste of the food .the semi open kitchen sends tasty smells wafting through the restaurant .anjan chaterjee has put his best in his retaurants to give people the feel of luxury and the right taste .You will love the scene from 13th floor .Perfect location , one of the best rooftop food places ever .Absolutely Yes is the Word for people who really want to Enjoy their Drinks With a Great View and some amazing EDM numbers .ambience is good .Just enjoy your drink and groove to the great artists who would play there awsm ambiance and a good place to chill out .....my husband was never agreeing to take me , because of its entrance at ambience , great ambiance .Amazing interiors as well .The terrace is good for winter lunch or bearable summer dinner and drinks .quaint yellow walls , green windows and a splash of colour on the seats .its all very cosy and comfortable .As we went inside , it was packed and the interesting decor choices stood out immediately .A nice place ...there are 2 - 3 variants of seating available..a mixture of Couch n high seats .little red clothed globes over bulbs giving the oriental vibe .( cherry on d top ) Music was amazing n foot tapping .some fish fry odor was spread in the entire restaurant which was very unpleasant .I visited this joint with a friend and found it preety gloomy inside .One of the most beautiful restaurant in town .Great sitting areas with white pebbles .the place got a nice ambience with a very huge sitting .Although when you are on the gate of it , the entrance is not that good .You might just ignore it and walk away .i hve attached pictures for your referenceso 2 stars just for the ambiance ..! The pink color looked beautiful .Decor : It instantly reminded me of the typical Pune and Mumbai lanes .They used vintage items such as old telephone and a model airplane .The pink color looked beautiful .We decided to Try ' White Waters ' .Its a nice restro with the outdoor seating , opp .We decided to Try ' White Waters ' .Its a nice restro with the outdoor seating , opp .Enjoy rooftop pool side dinning in summers..
place had an ambiance that was ok .
Really happy with the minute details they considered while designing the place .
If you visit there just spend time looking at the pictures of Bengal , the " Ekla Chalo Re " art work , the antique furniture .
Don ' t forget to go through the collection of books they have till the time food is been served .
but a beautiful and serene environment more than makes up for it ...
too satisfying for comfort ...
i have been to this place for lunch as well as dinners and felt that the look of the place changed with the time of the day .
like , there is a bakery , an open area restaurant , another closed area restaurant in the first floor , the elevated stage where performances are organised , the swimming pool area , the bar area and so on .
The interiors as mentioned earlier also is quite good and traditional .
Decorated nicely with old masterpieces and really beautifully clicked photographs .
We went on the Christmas eve for a dinner and decided for a rooftop exp.
as i entered , it seemed like a wonderland .
the ambience of this place is fairly good and it has fair amount sitting space .
I especially like the display of bandooks ( guns ) .
The carpet hangings on the faux ceiling are a novel touch .
the ambience was good , and was as expected from a higher - than - average class of restaurant .
:3.5 / 5ambience 
neways its a small and cozy place with different flavored dishes .
interior is completely a / c to give you relief from this sweltering heat .
Beautiful place .
The place is very tastefully done and has amazing interiors ( and exteriors considering half the place is outdoor ) .
EDM on weekdays too at least for now .
with a well known DJ .
ambience is really good .
when i went there , they had lit up candles on the tables , giving it a romantic look .
light are really good .
!good place for entertainment..!
the decor and dining area is good 
Amazing interior .
60 ML is nice place with nice interiors ( hopefully you will never get chance see this because maximum time light are off ) .
Also you can ' t expect a serene din as half of the city is crammed into it .
The place also had a couple of artists performing .
To begin with the evening you can enjoy drinks by the pool .
They could have so much more crowd and people if they just time down the volume .
The outdoor seating is extremely well done and provides a feel good factor both in the day as well as evening time .
ambience is perfect for a family outing 
but avoid if you're out on a romantic date as it gets pretty crowded .
good ambience .
Amazing view of Mumbai , from this place .
amazing ambience 
ambience - 2.5 ( they haven't changed much - 
:5 / 5Ambience a
with The Amazing And Mersmerising Ambiance , It Would Blow Your Mind .
it Is Just The Environment That Makes You Feel Good .
the Uniquely Designed Seatings Are Very Good .
This well lit and well designed restaurant is a welcome break from the monotonous eateries from this part of the world .
Great interiors 
Best day to be present is on a Saturday , which is the commercial night .
ambiance is what made me give it a 3.5 and not 4 ..
If ur lookin for a great place to dine , try wild dining its classicaly authentic n has a great theme ( jungle ) .
the hotel is a modest place with a 6 or 7 old indian dhaba styled tables , and by the looks of it isn't very classy or hygienic place .
the first reaction that one would get seeing the place would be saddening , situated by the main road Dada Boudi Hotel looked small & amp ; dingy 
sufficed with sunmica - ed tables & amp ; benches where 3 people had to squeeze themselves to eat 
the other one inside is stark under the sun with a mere cloth piece serving as a roof ( near the parking area ) .
all in all a lovely time with good retro music and ambiance which made us feel like being in Goa .
Top floor makes it more glamours then it could be .
The view you get is just awesome with cold breezy air.1000 bucks with cover .
seeing the interior of the restaurant i thought about taking a parcel on my way back home 
the interior is ok filled with their own advertising .
The terrace grill is a very romantic and peaceful place for those special days when you want to enjoy some nice wine and barbeque .
Interiors is no less .
interesting beautiful interior .
Ambience is really nice with touches of cultures of bengal the photographs hanging on the wall are really good ( loved the photography ) other than that the food feels me homely kind .
We had a fabulous candle light dinner .
it has Very pleasant and soothing environment 
this place is huge 
as i entered the restaurant i was awestruck by the way they have set this up ..
the restaurant does get very noisy owing to this plus the projector .
The ambiance is nice , and the best part is the singers who put life into the place , post 10pm .
The place is nicely done with good view of Jaipur city .
I liked the concept 
They have a disco & amp ; a diner right behindSo entered to have dinner first .
the ambience is really nice and romantic if u manage a to get a good corner .
the dine in ambiance in not very good so you better take it as parcel and enjoy with your family and friends at your desirable place .
Ambience and the tomorrow land collection playing makes the place cool n happening.
so starting from the ambience , yes it was high class ....
For first timer , you might decide to go some other place by looking @ exterior but awesome TROPICAL colourful environment once you enter .
The ambiance is good the service is also good .
simple interior , nothing fancy ...
Undoubtedly the prettiest place to be .
Undoubtedly the prettiest place to be .
The outer courtyard is quite small and is only sufficient to seat a family of max.
Two other sections are layed out , one on first floor of their part and a small inner hall .
the place is quite good as it keeps u engaged with its wall quotes and frames , funny arts which you are waiting for your order to be served 
and no doubt the ambiance was very soothing and good , no loud music so that you can talk to each other comfortably .
never to be meant fr inside sitting, 
was there for a Sunday evening , the outside seating and the perfect weather made it wonderful 
i like the whole ambience and decor .
If you want to rock from your toes to head , this is the right place for you .
Really feel superb in rooftop .
their ambiance is also of good standards .
nice ambience .....
nice Theme Of Black And White ...
after ages i sat outdoors and didn't have to worry about mosquitoes .
excellent ambiance , i had a wonderful anniversary dinner with my wife .
highly recommended , for the privacy , care , and off course some good acid jazz sitting in the tent .
only place to chill out with Live Video sessions .
listen to your Favorite numbers Chill out in open air and make your day worth ..
Amazing view .
The best time is to come during the sunset to enjoy the beautiful view .
Not the best with designs .
some of the very old black & amp ; white picture Posters of India gate under construction , Connaught place during British era are reminiscent of the times this place has seen .
good ambience .....
View is superb I mean u can c half bangalore from top .
the sitting is cozy 
I loved the decor and the set up .
Though I went in the afternoon of a hot day and hence could not sit outside .
I plan to visit there in the evening and enjoy having food outside in the setup they have .
It ' s located at an excellent location among the greenery of lodhi garden and the setup is super .
It ' s quite a cosy one .
edm was played the night we went , very good music .
you will find the place is not so hi - fi ..
no such environment ..
the singer sometimes gets carried away and you have to ask the waiter to lower the volume a little 
And must say interiors are good and classy .
One of its kind with white and grey combination .
but if they have event then music and environment can be good 
the ambiance is just too perfect ...
the perfect ambiance ...
the perfect decor for a garden restaurant ...
loved spl the ambience  
but if one wants the classic restaurants which have the aroma of onions soaked in vinegar then one has to go to Gulati located in the Pandara Road Market .
:getting close to nature should also mean being sensible enough to wear a mosquito repellant patch .
nice ambience .
good music and crowd .
Big screens all around .
what a beautiful place for a nice romantic dinner .
The shamianas are very neatly made and maintained .
If it was just for looks I would rate it 4.5 on 5.
Relatively new in Hyderabad but this cafe is gaining momentum midst the rooftops .
A giant screen ensures you won ' t miss out on any sports action .
A giant screen ensures you won ' t miss out on any sports action .
) outside a small clumsy restaurant that hardly qualifies as a restaurant from its looks .
it is more like a road side dhaba ( the original ones on the highways and not the fashionable restaurants which have 'dhaba' in their names 
but actually are 2 - star or 3 - star in their appearance ) .
if you are looking for , and habituated to , beautiful decors or gentle ambiances , this is definitely not your cup of tea ( or may be 'plate of biriyani ' ) .
Perfect place for a date .
the thing which will keep you coming back to this place is the terrace .
spectacular views over - looking half of cp , and given it is a corner restaurant , wide open vistas .
but with a view like that , who cares about food ..
thought that since the property prices are so high that restaurant would be more compact 
When we arrived they gave us a area which has been designed as a jail cell .
When we arrived they gave us a area which has been designed as a jail cell .
the first thing which strikes you when you enter this place is that it is huge with an amazing ambience .
There are two bars : one inside and one out .
I love these really cool , urbane , hip places coming up in Ahmedabad .
They played skini lover , for god ' s sake .
And they have this little bookshelf of very interesting books , such as notes on a scandal and nacropolis .
Their long walls are covered with graffiti of a redefined Ahmedabad , with its iconic heriatge buildings and the modern culture like iim , industries etc ; all juxtaposed with images of fruits and juices flowing all over the place .
Separate party area .
the place has an amazing ambiance , being on 31st floor and all .
the location and height of the place is what strikes you first and you will be spellbound at the view .
The cherry on the cake is the huge screen that they have .
the ambience is nice .
imagine watching almost all of Mumbai from a bird ' s view .
its got a very romantic , date - like set up and dinner is served over candle light .
i had to go here because it looked stunning and so gorgeous  
although this place is breath takingly beautiful 
the view is stunning .
the city lights give you a view that you dont get a chance to experience anywhere else in Bangalore .
Beautiful cozy interiors .
One of the best places in this part of delhi for a romantic dinner 
As the name suggests , this place has interiors like a jail with waiters dressed up in stripes and one person roaming around like a superintendent .
The layout is pretty standard with all the cutleries on the table .
but still for an upmarket place it ' s kinda shabby.with paint chipping of and dirty in some places .
A DJ - yes 
: - p Not to forget the ambience ...
the biggest challenge is the ultra high decibel of the music that is belted out in this lounge .
he defended it by saying that patrons like loud music .
but have decided against it as the loud music is a big put off .
Loved Dining at this Restaurant , Must to visit such a lovely place during monsoons or candle lyt dinners .
So if you know who ' s playing the night , and you like the genre , this is the place to be .
wonderful cozy environment .
Rate 5 just for it ' s view .
Spectacular .
The place has its AC restaurant with it by name RAJINDER XPRESS .
421 feet ( I guess I ' m right ) You feel top of the world , hands down , it ' s the best rooftop lounge in Bangalore .
decor was fine , every item was upto one's expectation .
i loved the interiors , which are very tastefully done .
rooftop perfect for Date ....
The elevator that gets you to the lounge shows you what height you are at for every floor and your excitement builds .
and mostly to those who love music ...
They have 2 sections one on the inside and the other one on the outside .
However what I liked about the place is their amazing props : ) we had a lot of fun with them .
pool Table is the best part there .
Nice interiors .
Bad music , no life .
Definitely for a romantic dinner .
Definitely worth for a romantic dinner , if u want to initiate a spark in your partner , the ambience at ebony definitely helps ( only take seats at he balcony for the effect .
the songs , interiors , the dances , fun games n the constumes of d waiters tuk us to the village for 2 hours of our prolonged eat - then - stop - take pics - eat meal .
Very romantic place .
Great food and ambience with a beautiful view of Bangalore City .
Roof top , sea side , cool breeze , Amazing place .
Indoor sitting , outdoor sitting and a small hall as disc .
Needless to mention that the place itself is pretty big and nicely decked up .
Beautiful .
A pretty view at night .
awesome ambience ..
..
We usually go in early or else you may have to wait at the bar for a while which isn ' t too bad either .
With their eye catching decor , the fancy beer tubes , that sporty feel and the various games , they give out an impression of a typical sports bar you would find abroad .
superb Ambience .
..
If you are looking for best open dining rooftop restaurant cum lounge in Mumbai .
Ambience is amazing and view from the roof top is breath taking .
very nice ambience ...
Pyramid like place , formerly MOS a lot of year back , now a really fresh change .
Pyramid like place , formerly MOS a lot of year back , now a really fresh change .
The emphasis on blue was so much that all the pictures clicked came in blue shade .
nice loud music and ur gossips make a great combo .
.best suited for sunny winter sundays..
The interiors are rather dark and lit with neon and jazzy lit red lamps and wall units .
can't even hear myself think .
Prefer sitting outside .
d they have best music dj is so cool and last 
Rooftop is worth visiting 
I thought to try this cafe and when i visited there , the place is full of ambience and music , a bit of crowd .
Basically you are in between sea view and city view .
..so choose wisely because you will b lucky if you ' d be able to switch seats .
Take the feel of a tropical place whether inside or outside .
Ps : Selfie people , there are quite many props for you to wear on and get yourself clicked .
The props are funny and bind the clients up with the cafe.
Good jobMust visit on rainy days to feel more tropical .
Exterior / interior : Nicely done exteriors and interiors of the place .
Yes , you feel tropical as you enter .
the ambiance is good as it gives an Italian feel while you are in there .
Every hour a Wild Life play is played , good for children ' s.
Except for a fact that we need to make plans in advance if we prefer to sit out in the open area 
a small fountain , tables made of tea glasses and a train above my head 
When they say High ultra they don ' t really lie its way up .
Good crowd , different shots and music make HSSS a must visit .
Having a drink with your friends , 100 feet up in the air , under the Stars , with the whole ( almost ) Kolkata skyline in front of you .
this is one of the highest lounge of all the lounges i have visited till date , which gives you a breath taking view of Bangalore , especially in late evenings .
you have to dress up yourself warm because of the altitude and cold in the outdoor .
The best part of the place is to simply sit there at the roof top with that cool breeze and a stupendous bird ' s eye view of Bangalore .
I personally feel the best time to go there is on an evening for dinner when rain has just stopped and there is a slight drizzle to accompany you while you are there .
lovely interiors , well lit , very pretty decorated umbrellas on the ceiling .
n nt to forget their signature 'bell' on d doorway is a nyc touch .
The song selection is good .
nice place ...
The view is spectacular and the breeze keeps the whole mood going 
Mugshot is minimalistic in design with a lot of neon fixtures , a DJ console and a dance floor specifically to attract hard party lovers who shall shake the night out on the floor .
amazing views ...
as a matter of fact we really felt Europe inside l'amandier .
The best thing about this place is the view which if offers .
You can see the skyscrapers and the sea from a different angle .
However , the view and the music is definitely worth paying that much .
the only thing good about this place is that it looks like a very old and classic place .
I absolutely loved the decor at the place .
the place is rich in decor , takes you back to an old style dhaba kinda feel .
wow nice concept and nice interiors .
the concept as a while is really cooland ethnic 
Love all the Burmese dolls and umbrellas around the place .
So you get a royal feeling from the moment you enter the place 
DJ was good I would say .
They have given it a rusty look and it seems some serious cost cutting is done in the ambience of the place .
The most amazing view of bangalore metro , mg road and parade grounds .
The most amazing view of bangalore metro , mg road and parade grounds .
High in sky , a balcony dining , gentle breezes , mouthwatering food .
With an amazing rooftop lounge at some 32nd floor of a high - rise , a perfect setting unfortunately they have been able to cash in on the place 
the ambience is awesome especially their open rooftop which i liked .
nice ambience 
But looks can be very deceptive like they say .
You find just two buttons one for the ground and the other for 30th floor , no pitstops in between ; ) As soon as we entered the place , we were flabbergasted..
The luxury of this place begins as soon as you enter the lift .
Great environment .
A rooftop restaurant with good food quality service and nice view .
arrangement of couch is pretty good too .
i love the ambiance ...
:4 / 5Ambience 
Excellent decor and good .
No wonder whenever u enter this place , it ' s all wooden .
I can ' t give it a Zero or negative rating hence I ' m giving it a 1!It is a pretentious place that has nothing more than good interiors to offer 
The sitting area can be a bit off .
gnd and 1st floor have good seating with open bar n the beer brew view ( yet to open , may be Oct ) .
ambiance is great and you would just love .
ambience 
!Perfect decor , perfect props to enhance the photos n the perfect food 
i especially like the dome bar side .
its movie hall like persona , 
walls lined with movie posters of all kinds , be it old classics or iconic genre - bearers ; French or Hollywood , ...........
The place is extremely well organized and decorated with green plantation .
They have various sitting options , including open and covered .
The night life is what would make you fall in love with the place .
But it had a stage , they must be having music shows on weekends , alas I went on a weekday .
relaxing interiors .
This place scores even before entering inside , the Blue door it is 
Where the aroma of a morning coffee or a freshly baked pie welcome you 
The first time was new year ' s eve , and the second on a Karaoke night ( Wednesdays ) .
And a decent effort by the DJ to bring energy into the Karaoke night .
Whenever I go to a place with such good ambiance somewhere I am mentally prepared to compromise on the taste of the food .
the semi open kitchen sends tasty smells wafting through the restaurant .
anjan chaterjee has put his best in his retaurants to give people the feel of luxury and the right taste .
You will love the scene from 13th floor .
Perfect location , one of the best rooftop food places ever .
Absolutely Yes is the Word for people who really want to Enjoy their Drinks With a Great View and some amazing EDM numbers .
ambience is good .
Just enjoy your drink and groove to the great artists who would play there 
awsm ambiance and a good place to chill out .....
my husband was never agreeing to take me , because of its entrance at ambience , 
great ambiance .
Amazing interiors as well .
The terrace is good for winter lunch or bearable summer dinner and drinks .
quaint yellow walls , green windows and a splash of colour on the seats .
its all very cosy and comfortable .
As we went inside , it was packed and the interesting decor choices stood out immediately .
A nice place .
..there are 2 - 3 variants of seating available..a mixture of Couch n high seats .
little red clothed globes over bulbs giving the oriental vibe .
( cherry on d top ) Music was amazing n foot tapping .
some fish fry odor was spread in the entire restaurant which was very unpleasant .
I visited this joint with a friend and found it preety gloomy inside .
One of the most beautiful restaurant in town .
Great sitting areas with white pebbles .
the place got a nice ambience with a very huge sitting .
Although when you are on the gate of it , the entrance is not that good .
You might just ignore it and walk away .
i hve attached pictures for your referenceso 2 stars just for the ambiance ..! 
The pink color looked beautiful .
Decor : It instantly reminded me of the typical Pune and Mumbai lanes .
They used vintage items such as old telephone and a model airplane .
The pink color looked beautiful .
We decided to Try ' White Waters ' .Its a nice restro with the outdoor seating , opp .
We decided to Try ' White Waters ' .Its a nice restro with the outdoor seating , opp .
