Their Burgers are undoubtedly one of the best that you get in Chandigarh , full bodied and juicy unlike the plastic machined burgers of McDonald ' s.Also great on their menu and worth trying are Chicken Noodles , Manchurian and Garlic Chicken .
They ' re not authentic ( as in Chinese authentic ) but who cares as long as they taste great .
But awsem food .
Domino ' s Pizza upto a few years back was very inventive and their pizza ' s were loaded with stuff .
But in recent times as with my previous 2 orders the quality has gone down considerably .
These BBQ chicken are the same as frozen Kewabs that we get in the local market at Rs.70 - 80 per 500gms .
Their complete Pizza range has been stagnant for years , with no improvement and no new innovation except the stupid liquid cheese which is also at times salty or sour .
Domino ' s Pizza upto a few years back was very inventive and their pizza ' s were loaded with stuff .
Lot of games for the Children and their Bakery Items are the Best .
pork , shreded lamb and sticky rice are must try ...
it is was orgasmic ...
went there only for the hookah .
hookah is the usp of this place
recommend to anyone who looks for pubs in Ghy to catch up with friends over a few beers .
I think its simply d best pizza hv ever tried in my life .
dis place is not at all worthy to do ala a carte..it better to go for buffet .
and mouth watering maggi and pastas
They have one more unit at Zoo Tiniali and I have tried couple of times there and food has always been awesome there .
Last but not the least Food is awesome as always and well done team crackling mustard for being able to maintain the same quality and standard as promised .
Really happy with the consistency they maintain in terms of quality and never hesitated giving reference to my friends and nobody was disappointment for the same so far .
the two things i like about Pizza Hut are firstly their Maintenance and secondly their 129 combo meal which consists of beverage , appetizer and pizza ( deserts also in case of veg ) .
the two things i like about Pizza Hut are firstly their Maintenance and secondly their 129 combo meal which consists of beverage , appetizer and pizza ( deserts also in case of veg ) .
we also ordered french fries which was Ok accoeding to me .
I ' m dying to have one while writing this .
A big fan of this place from a very long timeThe food they offer has a unique taste which hasn ' t changed in decades .
I ' m dying to have one while writing this .
Everyone should try it at least once , because you won ' t be able to resist it further on .
But the food was awesome .
The luchi was great and it was a delight to have it after a long time .
Not like what I have tasted in other Bengali restaurants .
coming to the Guwahati one in Dona Planet ( i don't know if there's any other outlet in Guwahati ) The food was pretty good .
they serve a dessert called the ebony ivory , i guess they serve it better in cafe coffee daythe waiters were friendly .
but after we were done with meal we were told there were no desserts which was a disappointment .
i won't say the food was out of the world , it was just fine.and yes they do not have license for liquor yet .
the actual ingredient should have been red pumpkin which wasn't available .
i won't say the food was out of the world , it was just fine.and yes they do not have license for liquor yet .
it was toppled with insane amounts of chicken & amp ; i absolutely relished it .
crusty & amp ; flavor - packed .
i would also recommend their Mojito .
tangy & amp ; minty and totally refreshing .
tangy & amp ; minty and totally refreshing .
i had alone eaten a medium sized cheese burst , a choco lave cake and a coke .
the food here has always been outstanding for me .
but after eating one thing you must say , that is wow
it is best place for hookah lover who takes hookah .
serves quite a variety of flavours like pan rasna and apple and many more2.best veg items are made3 .
dominossss...
they are also the only location that serves Diet Pepsi in Guwahati .
but the tomato basil soup is excellent for those chilly nights and the times when you are sick and just want a hot bowl of soup .
A must visit for who likes Bengali cuisine .
Also would love to try other dishes they have next time like luchi and all .
Very poor food preparation..
a mixed bag.while some items r extremely gud , oders suck big tym.dimsums r absolutely delicious.bt pan fried noodles is sumthng dat 1 shud totally give a miss
Food quality is also okay .
it's delicious .
pizza Hut is the first name that strike in my mind when i think of pizza .
i mostly went alone there in evening just to had a chicken snacker and a cold coffee or a Krusher .
Awesome bakes .
it took us some time to decide on the menu whether to choose the fix lunch menu or Ala - carte coz fixed menu doesn't hav much option to choose .
lots of variety to choose from ...
hookah .....
cheese maggi ...
do try vanilla milk shake and bombay bhel
great chinese food ......
but the veggie supreme Pizza made my day 
it was so so soooo delicious 
it was so cheesy and so perfect .
this is what i called the perfect pizza 
the new best pizzas of Pizza hut is the range of So cheesy 
the new best pizzas of Pizza hut is the range of So cheesy 
they have good combos which comes very handy if you are visiting the place alongwith your gang .
but i somehow feel that the singles aren't enough to fill the stomach .
i am not too fond of domino's pizzas .
but , to my utter disappointment , the pasta tasted very different from what i have tasted in other domino's outlets outside Guwahati .
Best burgers in town ?
Best burgers in town ?
amazing food must try ov
best Sushi in town ...
sunday brunch is awesome 
and probably the best place in ghy for pizza and pasta in general and non veg pizza in particular , be it a dine in or a take away or a home delivery .
also the taste wasn't up to my expectations .
Can not ask for better thai food in punjab region .
And i also found kamakazi shots in the menu , that made my day .
must mention the kasha mangsha served there is no where wat we bings make .
Cusines offered have huge variety , will suggest people to try chinese 
u must try dem too ..
the panna cotta 
The biryani can be avoided .
The nans were as good as ever .
Their variety of kfc and the way they prepare the meal is perfect , as per one ' s taste and to suit the Indian Taste .
appetizer was too good ......
A must visit for a fan of Bengali cuisine - that ' s what I thought after seeing the menu .
It is one of the few places where ( i thought ) one could get authentic bangla dishes , and still it doesn ' t do justice to this fact.
Food is what matters .
to start withawesome bakery at the heart of the citythe cakes and pastries sold out there tastes great ..
the ready made cakes are a saviors for surprise parties ..
but a sheer disappointment , Its so not Good , to tell you kfc uses turkeys instead of chickens , and with time kfc has lost its quality and the food it served during its initial days ..
i have been there multiple times and i can assure you the food tastes just as good every single time .
i can seriously go on and on about their cakes , they are that good !
even a simple option like the black forest ( pics attached below ) is on another level when compared to other local bakeries .
although loyans is not known to be a place that serves savory food , let me tell you , its pretty good .
we've had many a happy meal here so when we saw the add for their new menu we went with expectations .
its a totally worn out place and to my dismay , they either sell expired or duplicate beer
chicken quiche is my fav.
very gud bakery .
great food with nice garnishing .
To try the other dishes 
though we generally enjoy beers but that day we went for cocktail and as usual it was difficult for me to choose and finally I said bring your best .
What ever that was but it was a good , it was high in whisky and so i was later : pwell food was good we had a khatti rool thats it , but you wont find much of exotic choice here just the normal grill tandoor items .
i was mighty upset with the home delivered grilled tuna sandwich yesterday .
Now coming towards food , it can be reason why I m going to visit this place again .
most things in the menu are not available , the pork served is more fat and less meat !
cocktail menu is good ,
Although the taste is good , you are bound to get tired of the grease .
and certainly as told by others it has great Chinese and Thai food .
Superb food .
fabulous food is the way i want to sum up my experience !
Try out at any item..
Even though its fairly new , it is clearly turning out to be the best hangout place for the sheesha lovers .
kulfi outside is yum 
However , as it is a " bakery " , if we have to rate the bakery items , it certainly deserves a 4.5 star .
A very good bakery .
However , as it is a " bakery " , if we have to rate the bakery items , it certainly deserves a 4.5 star .
papad pyaaz ki sabzi and dhaniya paneer adraki are so tasty ....
A good place to hit some sheeshas if u haven ' t smoked one for a long time .
although its known for its hookah , sandwiches will not disappoint you 
if u r a chickn freak ..
got hair on the dish twice
got hair on the dish twice 
they way of presentation of gosht was really nice and it looked yummy ,
whosoever ask me a place where they can get the tastiest food , i recommend this place ..
and better keep a fast till afternoon and go for its buffet ; from chaach or aam panna to desserts ...
monchow spup was good .
its a good place for Chinese in town .
but the best part is that food is available beyond midnight  
one of the best places for Butter Chicken in Delhi  
like you want to get some Tangri kebabs after a night if driving - Pandara road is your place .
:dal makhni , gobhi masala , dalhoti kabaab , dahi k kabab .
:2 / 5Quantity 
:please dont eat sweet dish in gulati coz u'll be missing out the best kulfi of krishna kulfiwala which is just outside the gulati restaurant .
the Food Is Ordinary - Nothing Special About It .
i have already fallen head over heels for all of loyans ' products .
i am in love with the filling .
the pastries - i am still searching for a place that could make loyans step down to the 2nd position ** the red carpet cake - each and every event of mine is enhanced with a loyans cake .
the reason why by now i am a bit bored with chocolates cakes .
when i confessed this to them , they immediately came up with the red carpet cake , which is claimed to be new and a loyans speciality .
it tasted divine .
this cake is surely a must - try .
finally i got to taste thr food of the first outlet of the currently most popular and by far the best bakery in the city .
The quality of food was OK but it was nothing significant to write about .
And the food was great 
People who love to relax after the work with some nice hookah and food air lounge is the best place to go 
a best place for Non Veg lovers ....
there Non veg kebab's are to die for ..
yummilicious ...
the taste of food could have been better if they would have kept same mumbaiya taste 
the dosas they serve are such cold that looks like frozen food .
However as for rest of the menu..
Please refrain even if this is the only option for food .
A must try at this restaurant is their smoked hilsa .
i am a regular at this place and the food never stops to amaze me each time i visit .
the breads were normal except the roomali roti which was a little uncooked at the edges .
tasty veg and non veg dishes ....
coz talking abt just food it deserves above 4 ....
ammazing taste ...
but that impression won't stop people to throng this place from all over kolkata just to have the oh so delicious and famous biryani .
the aroma , smell alone makes some of our mouths water  
but they are just plain ordinary compared to this crowd favourite .
They had room temp lager beer available...eventually they found one cold larger beer from their ali babas cave 
They can improve their quality ..
do visit Dada boudi for some good lip smacking biryani and liver fry .
go if you want to have Dhaba food 
The food was nice not great .
I expected it to be flavoursome but it was more of for people with generic palette .
, Nuggets and Popcorns are one of the best you find in the town , the preparation and portions are impeccable and have never deteriorated unlike many other so called Old Restaurants .
But the food is a let down .
The starters we ordered were cold and the main course was also forgettable .
Being an ardent fan of this cuisine , I know what I am saying when I call this is as good as Italian food gets in this country .
Warning : As awesome as the appetizers look , do not eat too much of it .
Little Italy will provide you the best Italian food possible when you are in this country .
i want to know their recipe ....
i travel 45 mins to fetch a packet of dada boudi's biriyani ....
i rate it 5 for its food ...
it has the awaomest food taste ...
the Buffet is good offers alot of variety in veg ..
biryani from dada boudi ..
we had it with khasta roti and boy it was heaven 
The pastry was extremely average , because Patisserie Opera makes far more better pastries .
Surprisingly , only the Namkeen food was good .
Even Hot Cross Buns was almost equivalent .
we ordered fish tikka and dal makhni ...
very nice italiano bistro if you devour vegan italian cuisine.
finally i got a chance to gorge into some tasty and mouth watering biryani .
i ordered a mutton biryani .
we drove 30 minutes to pick up Biriyani and got back home .
first of all , the quality is awesome , flavorful , higher on the greasy side 
but perhaps amongst the best Biriyanis around .
Absolutely different style of preparing and presenting food .
Well if you are a foodie and you like different food , then this is the place .
as with all other joints in this location - no alcohol is served - you got to get a high from the awesome food quality .
back then , during my first visit , when this place was new to the city , they had put a menu of their speciality prawn dishes on every table .
Their red velvet cake is really very good .
It is one of the best bakeries in town .
This year we ordered a birthday cake for my brother and it turned out exactly as we wanted it .
The cake tasted as good as it looked ( i ' ll upload a picture of the cake ) So I would recommend everybody to order their cakes for any special occasion from Loyans .
buffett is fantastic 
ul lost count on the variety of dishes offered in the buffet ..
Deserts & amp ; the mock tail that we had ordered are also fantastic .
Food is good as always .
Been here thrice and tried a variety of their pastas..
I haven ' t tried their buffet , so can ' t comment on that .
Been here thrice and tried a variety of their pastas..
So for those who don ' t like the dry remnants of pizzas ( who does ?
) or if your taste buds are jaded by the tastes of Domino ' s and Pizza Hut and are longing for something new , Joey ' s pizza is the place to go 
reminded me of ghar ka khaana which might also be the reason for its popularity as some people are all for ghar ka khanna .
Awesome food 
I have been here once and the bhetki maacher Paturi is their USP .
and chutney was also provided with biryani ....
it was the first time i saw chutney is surved with biryani ...
I don ' t think owners of this restaurant are concerned with food quality that much .
We were utterly disappointed by the quality of food .
its simply yummm ..
hats off to d cook ..
i lovee the mutton biryani from dada boudi .
its filling .
two of u cant properly finish off this .
the liver curry ..
i always parcel it .
i always try and bring it whenever i am coming down through the kalyani expressway .
everything aside.if good food is ur major agenda , den nothing greater than dis food joint .
so Bring it home and eat shantisey .
but i certainly do not support the use bamboo shoots in african piri piri sauce.
but it seems to fit perfectly ) of the spices .
finally we ended our meal with Orange Panna Cotta .
i wouldn't ever try their panna cotta again  
but based on the main course , i would say it is worth visiting once .
i wouldn't try the burrito again 
& gt ; & gt ; Review : Batman is one of my preferred choices in case I wants to have food in midnight .
The potatoes were so amazing that we all had some : ) needless to mention their thoughtfully designed menu with great balance and spectrum of dishes .
The food was absolutely amazing and since then it has been my first choice for any Asian cuisine cravings .
all the combos they give have their own speciality .
there may be other dishes in the menu 
amazing biriyani can easily give tough fight to any other renowned chains like karim's .
I make sure i order one whenever it is a birthday of any of my loved ones : ) 
in fact a friend of mine who lives in the area loves this place so much that he devours two plates of biryani at one go whenever he is allowed to .
A perfect destination for the Italian enthusiasts .
We were 4 of us and started with beers , actually were spoil t for choice for starters as we never wanted to order main course .
They really were so soft that we ordered one more .
food was good 
My recommendation would be their " The Meats " although all the other pizzas i have tried here cannot be berated .
I swear by Joey ' s Pizza to all my friends ( and let me say those who have tried it have never been disappointed ) .
Joey ' s gives all the big pizza outlets a run for their money and even beats most of them .
or maybe i jus have had super awesome pizzas at other places ...
p.
We can pay for the food as the quality is so superior although it is veg .
Best buffet I had soo far .
Food is nice .
all you pizza lovers if you want to hav the best pizza u ever had so joey's pizza is the place if u go by a metro then its just 5 min away from metro station .
joey's Rocking pizza's .
They have a food joint also called " tan - sukh " Good indian food .
Although i am yet to find lucknow samosas with only potato masala .
One of the best sweet shops in town .
Good place , must visit for sweet lovers .
i had been there twice and ordered different non veg pizza both time .
aaaahhh wat an amazing taste ..
incredible biryani ...
tasty juicy spicy ...
yummmm ...
He food is sub - par .
I think the chef earlier ran away .
must try dishes 
the most famous Biriyani restaurant in Barrackpore , Kolkata .
well known for biriyani in kolkata ....
truly tasty .....
well known for biriyani in kolkata ....
the place serves great seafood .
Good places to enjoe new combinations in mock tails n shakes .
An elaborated menu with some brazillian and Caribbean dishes..
Good places to enjoe new combinations in mock tails n shakes .
highly recommended for ppl looking for a great dine in with an option of buffet .
dum ka murg , bhuna gosht ...
FOOD : Very elaborate menu from different part of country .
had the unlimited dinner ....
a must visit place fr every biriyani lovers 
This place is a pizza delight 
my favorite is joey's special & amp ; Meat ultimo .
but doesn't matter for great taste .
i've completely forgotten other pizza joints .
so we happen to order ; Enigma Smoothie - Good smoothie with apple banana pineapple and strawberry .
yell yeah great in taste .
inglorious Bananas for instant .
.and yes salute to d chef..
The food is good .
love the dal makhni and butter chicken over here , mouth watering .
everything literally just melts in the mouth .
happy eating 
one of the best biriyani .
Food is the real deal here plus the mocktail .
the best thing here is don't check the menu at all ...
its a must go 
please go to this place by putting off your guards of having healthy food , have everything makhan marke and you will love it .
* * FOOD * * This is the most important part of visiting a restaurant : PThe food quality was upto the mark , good and hot sizzling food served right on time .
the food n juice both are superb 
the food is pretty good , and if you know what to order , then you won't be disappointed 
Food quality is really good .
its so tender and juicy ...! 
so moist ...
..Do visit once , you will surely relish your Pizza.
Food is good .
Starters were goodMain course was normalDesserts options were more but need to improve quality .
great Food ...
great food .
but i wont go especially just looking for its food .
The food was dreadfully poor .
its a great idea to serve that sply during summers / monsoon as a cool drink .
dessert section was minimal 
but the moment you indulge into their dishes youll find that its all worth it .
its only mains and sweet dishes .
There should be more variety .
The food was as cold as ice .
The quality has dipped big time .
Finally got a chance to go for dinner...The food was just awesome .
the Banoffe pie was superb .
the food was awesome ...
Various amazing and different food items is sure to surprise you .
A place for Bengali food loves and even those who do not like it much are also sure to fall in love with it .
You get HOOKAH with n number of varieties .
.the quality of food they serve is amazing 
.the shushi and teppenyaki are quiet nice too .
gulati serves one of the best authentic north indian food .
simply love the pizzas der ...
biryani's are worth a try as well , its served with mirchi salan & amp ; raita .
nice pizza .......
tanduri utems are excellant .
overall a good place to eat n talk .
the food was good tasty for people who want to get introduced to western & amp ; asian cuisine for the first time.
The food which for us was a pre - selected menu was also fantastic.
You should check " busaba " for how they make their khao suey .
You should check " busaba " for how they make their khao suey .
finally a good place for south Indian food in ahmedabad .
Samosa salad was something new and must try .
And at last don ' t forget to try out Tea .
Non veg would be a gem to the menu .
best Place near Kolkata for Biriyani ...
but in dada boudi hotel's Biriyani you will not find such dalda ...
but you will not bother to take 2 plate of Chicken / Mutton Biriyani in Dada Boudi Hotel trust me ...
i will give Arsalan 3.0 and Dada Boudi Hotel 4.0 , Coz in arsalan's biryani you will find dalda ...
i have tried the platters mostly and few salads and i hv no complains about the food whatsoever .
tip for tummy : watch out for the spicy ones , they do burn 
over all a must go for food enthusiast .
tip for tummy : watch out for the spicy ones , they do burn 
Perfect place for foodies who love Continental food .
A day later we were all puking 
The fusion of foods ( samosa floating in soup ) was mind - blowing and the result was brilliant .
I would definitely go again to try their wide variety of foods will and suggest it to others 
all biryani lovers should go thre ....
Enjoy your meal to the max 
why not try out a desi brand and enjoy a much better pizzas ..
more toppings better crust ....
hands down one of the better places to enjoy the pizzas 
hands down one of the better places to enjoy the pizzas 
daal makhni can't get any better , it's creamy buttery and simply delicious , paneer is lip smacking in short , it's simply scrumptious 
they are a gastronomical delight 
must have pizzas 
in addition you can even order an assorted pizza , that is , you can order part of one flavour and part another flavour .
must have pizzas 
the perfect lunch spot for college students from nearby vile parle .
Food is good .
i loved the pasta ...
and the oriental is pretty amazing too ...
With beer , it is sorry to say .
The chef specials are a must try .
Do not forget to enjoy the Kulfi ( stick icecream ) from the special store just outside the restaurant .
The recently renovated outlet is comfortable and has maintained its good taste .
I can compare it with best of joints in Jaipur when its about food .
A great place for food lovers specially who love chicken 
but very good quality food 
i've been told the restaurant has been running for really long and the quality of food remains the same , i.e .
this is the ultimate place for having great biriyani also the place is always packed .
august - September is a good time to experience nature , especially when you can add some fine Mediterranean food to it .
Food : Food quality is good in general .
If you ever go here and don ' t have it - you ' ve sinned 
You must have this if you are visiting Replay .
can't miss this if you are in Delhi for a filling & amp ; tasty meal .
Should have had some more options in the food menu .
Cocktails could have been better .
Only two deserts were on the menu .
If the food menu list increases , I may come back to explore it .
Average food , especially the stuff which I had heard as must - eats .
beer bucket is my favourite .
We ordered - Crema Di FungiLasagne Alla GypsyBabycorn LongI have lovely things to say about all of them except Babycorn long .
Soon as you get inside , the familiar Italian fragrance welcomes you .
Now that ' s something which says ' Bon Apetite ' in every language .
True to it ' s name , Little Italy offers you everything you can possibly expect at an Italian restaurant .
Lovely experience : ) You should go there sooner than later if the thought of Italian food makes you restless : ) 
the amount of toppings and cheese makes it a feast .
Last time I was here I was mad over the food here .
I would recommend a visit to this place as it serves amazing mughlai dishes and deserts .
We were given the menu for the day , which is very difficult to remember .
the 'Dada boudi's biriyani and our friendship 
good place for evening snacks with friends ..
it beats global fusion and barbeque nation by a mile in terms of taste and quality .
Its a perfect place for all foodie after barbeque nation 
With toppings Larger than ones seen on dominoes menu and fresher ones .
Food quality is very good and they have this buffet thing lunch for 550 and dinner for 750 .
Unlimited food 
Not a good experience for vegetarians .
the drinks menu is exhaustive and has some mean cocktails , wide range of single malts , and a good beer selection .
the food 
some dishes are good , 
but the menu lacks consistency .
typically one reason i don't like multi - cuisine restaurants ..
All they had to do was nail down some carefully selected and prepared appetizers and they were off to the races .
Unfortunately , they chose to go the route of Lebanese / quasi Mediterranean food that is neither here nor there .
for dessert I had the raspberry delice and religieuse I have attached pics they will say it all , the staff is absolutely courteous , I was attended by bapuso such a dear , keep up the good work man .
they have got different types of items in their menu .
hi , i have visited this restaurant with my family on 29 - 08 - 2014 , and did not enjoyed the food at alll .
everything we ordered was as expected would have rated it 5 stars 
The problem though is that they don ' t have any arrangement to keep the cheese warm .
But overall I liked their food .
Now coming to the most important thing , the food .
we enjoyed food a lot .
Good for an alternative if you are bored of the standard pizza places .
It was quite amazing and not too daunting on my tiny appetite .
but again you should really go there for the food .
the menu is hugely flooded with great food and beverage of wide variety and our choice of food was suggested by a waiter named 'Avinash' , yes it's because of the people the place comes to life and not just because of the ambience or the food alone .
however , the place goes as a myth among biryani lovers in North Kolkata .
so , you can drive in here in weekends and enjoy Dada boudi's patented Biryani .
i have ordered Mutton biryani and Chicken Chap .
so , you can drive in here in weekends and enjoy Dada boudi's patented Biryani .
food was good 
So overall we cudn ' t eat all and was disappointed in our self to make wrong choice .
But other than that , pizza is okayish .
Multiple Cuisines .
I didn ' t find the food that appealing .
Many food items lack taste .
Also lack of variety in the menu .
But the food sucks totally..
very average ) Jumbo Tiger Prawn ( i didn't notice that Prawn was singular in the menu and we ended up getting one Prawn .
the Asparagus Wasabi with Mashed potato - It was ok ok .
we didn't even find the Wasabi taste in it , so asked the waiter for wasabi paste which served the purpose .
it was filled with Chilly flakes and seeds and didn't really taste any good and we ended up leaving most of it .
if i were to rate it on food alone , i'd give it just a 2 / 5.
I ordered pizza and my wife pastaThe pizza as they claimed it to be was horrible simply bland and the pasta was like the 1s u get in some cheap cafe .
Their food was also excellent .
right place for the foodies .
this restaurant serves one of the best Buffet .
They have an option for a 6 - course pre set menu , but that comes in handy if you ' re there for a long afternoon .
Swanky new place which gives a twist to the Regular Indian dishes 
and when in Confucius this # lamb_perking_style cannot be missed .
boring Sunday took a delicious turn at Confucius .
chicken yumm .
Was willing to there to experience their food , on second thoughts , based on my experience on phone , i wouldnt even recommend the restaurant to anyone .
I have been a regular customer of this fusion , Mediterranean ( claimed ) .
And since then the menu has mostly been stagnant except just a few handful new dishes that have been grudgingly introduced by the chef .
This was the first time I was at Sigree Aundh , and its just THE place to host a meal .
The wide variety of food , taste and its quality will definitely make you lose your diet schedule but is definitely worth it .
I hosted dinner for 40pax and not one was disappointed .
The pizza was a little too cheesy for my taste .
The pork slider is a chef special and our standard order 
it's comandable that inspite of soo much rush the food is awesome ..
I have read so much about Gulatis and how they are the best when it comes to Punjabi cuisine .
overall a decent Punjabi joint on the lines of Moti mahal .
And the best thing is the buy - two - get - three shots service : ) The blue kamakazi shot was awesome 
Don ' t try eating food here , else you ' ll have to get it packed for your pets .
Don ' t try eating food here , else you ' ll have to get it packed for your pets .
joeys special and chicken delight are very good .
not a big fan of their veg pizzas 
Great food .
best place for foodie person .
A treat to the palate .
The # ginger martini was just perfect to go with # crispy prawn cheung fun , recommended by my new friend Aniket who works at the bar .
Perfect Dinner for one .
stale fruits and cakes ...
bad welcome drink ...
cold rotis ( chewing gum ) ...
I must say that its one of the finest Chinese restaurants I ' ve been to .
The food was just so flavorful and not to forget the immaculate plating of the food .
the Keema Pav is over rated ...
p i'll give the Farcha a 5 / 5 as it was crispy on the outside ; tender , juicy & amp ; spicy on the inside ...
the food was average 
all in all it was a very good outing , if the food would have been better i would have wanted to go here again and again .
famous for biriyani .
and it was served with a very pretty Bamboo Straw 
and we decided to give their Mains a miss and stick to Sushi and Dimsum .
scallops and Shrimp Dumsum 
:5 / 5 served with 3 delicious sauces2 .
seafood rolled in Mango Mayo 
norwegian Salmon Maki 
korean Tacos 
cuttle Fish Sushi 
The food too is great .
!The Food is mind blowing and not just for the meat crazy which is usually the case everywhere...
!Do keep some space for their deserts 
The place that serves bestest punjabi chicken dishes..
I have dined at this place with family and friends multiple times and have tried various dishes , and never got disappointed with the quality ever .
everything is fantastic from drink to starters till the main course , every food item is amazing .
as regards the food , it ' s very ok.we called for a martini which was not what the menu stated.
there was evidence of basil at all .
it was like having and overlooked pulao.thts it we decided to stop ordering and get the hell out of there .
again I guess it ' s just a place to party and for drinks , where obviously food quality wouldn ' t matter .
Awesome food 
servings are quite small with the Momos just 4 bite size ones per serving .
.best thing on da menu is Jack Daniels Chocolate Mousse , its a must try .
it was amazing to see pizza being made live and it is delicious too ...
The food at ICE LOUNGE appears simple , but the flavors have remarkable depth .
A la carte is way better , the buffet needs to improve a lot .
I ' ll get straight to the point : what to order : Galawati kebab - will melt your heart .
Even the non mutton people will love this one .
Paneer lifafa : The braver of you will order this .
a perfect place for foodies and hookah lovers .
Food is nothing to write about .
Go there if you wanna stuff yourself .
but they provide probably the best in class biriyani , i may not be impartial on that 
Food is also good .
but , a good effort by them with good food ...
..
food was great .
one can also get a 50 - 50 half thin crust half regular .
Food however was nowhere near taste .
Good thing is that you can have two different options in one pizza .
these guys will give you a very great Food with a very good and decent quantity .
i've tasted almost 60% of their menu .
we had a good experience in a different cuisines you have a very good ambiance nd wide range of foods to taste ....
so have fun who ever goes there try all the food at least taste evrything ....
an excellent place to be there with family for dinners ....
but the main course is not up to the markthere is a huge varirty of dessert 
but it lacks quality moreover the menu is always d same 
It was hot and hence we were feeling uncomfortable , we ordered food and once we started having that we forgot the temperature outside as the food was delicious .
must visit place for veg Italian lovers .
If you love dark chocolate frosting , you must go here .
Vanilla frostings are not the best though .
One of the best bakeries in the city 
One of the best restaurant in delhi , Nice ambience , good taste and best dal makhani in the city .
These dishes never bore you for any number of times you eat them .
Its a guarantee that he won ' t regret it because the taste is just that awesome .
The place is a heaven for those who adore non vegetation fooding .
a great place for biryani ...
really great .
overall ...hilsa festival nothing great.
they were pretty awesome and different as compared to the other regular items like paneer and kebabs .
Great place with good food .
tasty indian food 
Joey ' s is way better than any mainstream pizza places .
..
recently had ordered Mexican bonanza and a Mixed veg prizzini .
The quality of food is so much better than other pizza chains .
The toppings are huge as compared to the teeny tiny ones of Domino ' s.
If you hate pizza , try this place you ' ll change your mind .
If you like pizza , come here and you ' ll love it .
If you love pizza , come here n fall in love again .
If you hate pizza , try this place you ' ll change your mind .
but stay away from the the refreshmint 
A not so good Hookah + mosquitoes .
I think the key reason why Gulati has managed to do that is because it serves some authentic North Indian and Mughlai flavours and every dish tastes different .
When a person dines at a restaurant and they remember it , crave for its food and come back for it again ( soon 
...
Both were up to the mark and expectation , a flavors were to perfection .
The food was good and place was great .
As a Biriyani lover I always eat around many Biriyani joint...So I went there for a so called biriyani experience .
go empty stomach .
best place for having good quality pizzas .
have no idea what burmese cuisine is all about ..
The shots are really good and the food is also good 
Food is just bad .
Presentations are a sight especially of the complimentary food .
If you are not used to the bland taste or rather , if you love spices , the food could be a turn down .
It is one of the only places that actually know how to make a decent hookah .
The flavor doesn ' t burn out too quickly , the smoke comes easily without having to pull too hard and ash doesn ' t choke the pipe .
Quality looks upmarket .
shinkanji " and i would suggest if u go there please try this the taste is yummy and pulao is very differentmy first visit was with my office friends ..
The food here is not that great .
They need more food options .
Cons : They are generous servers .
So be proficient in ordering .
Awesome food ?
Food here , is awesome 
This restaurant really treats your taste buds right .
the base and the taste was just too good .
Vegetarians had a bad time as they had almost nothing ( or only bad dishes ) to choose from 
Please review your vegetarian menu .
mrs sodabottleopenerwala's cold coffee is a must try .
parsi / Irani cafe with a twist .
Gosht ki nihari and the biryani was just too good .
the Parsi named alcoholic drinks are a welcome addition 
We loved everything so much that we wouldn ' t stop eating and well let ' s just say it didn ' t do our digestion any good 
We loved everything so much that we wouldn ' t stop eating and well let ' s just say it didn ' t do our digestion any good 
But the main course was not impressive .
This is the only restaurant where with every order , the food keeps getting better .
Good place to try Street food without compromising hygiene .
we went on a family outing and as it was not dinner time thus decided to try Kanha .
You should go there only fie food .
great Parsi food .....
I went to GULATI after many years and have to say that they have maintained their taste and quality and portions which quite good .
I went to GULATI after many years and have to say that they have maintained their taste and quality and portions which quite good .
Good for late night eats .
but wasn't that much flattered with the food .
food wasn't really out of the box or exceptionally amazing , it was just nice enough .
Over all I enjoyed the food and would love to go again .
Big Chill holds legendary status when talked about by the hordes of Delhi foodies and it ' s good .
in terms of extensiveness of the menu , there isn't a lot of stuff to choose from 
Food ' s not safe 
The desserts here are something that are only for pictures and really do not taste as well as they look .
We usually end up at candies for lunch .
it was a lovely lunch .
but thay provide us in open place no wait.so here my exprience - the stater served at our table very notch quality and tasty and wish drink is the most innovative shot was awesome yummy thanks ( jai nayak ) 
Punjabi is awesome , and food is also really good , biryani was just too good .
Make sure you them decent time to deliver as its not a domino ' s.
An awesome pizza joint , don ' t forget to order their cheese dip it ' s awesome .
I am yet to visit this place , however I have been ordering pizzas for quite sometime .
Food : The food here is good .
To be honest , I had nt had a burger in several years and just felt like having one and MY GOD , one of the best burgers in a very very long time .
Next time around , need to prep my appetite to try more items on the menu .
the food was something i was not impressed with much ..
having said that one thing which i would highly recommend on there menu is the mutton berry Pulao .....
having studied in pune i have eaten bun maska keema pav and parsi food at places like good luck cafe , Zamus etc and frankly the food here was no where near there level.
maybe for ppl who have not tasted authentic parsi food will like it ...
This is a good place to eat if you like your kebabs .
If you like Mutton and are a group of 4 - 5 people a good dish to check out is the Kandahari Laham which is basically a tandoori raan ...
Otherwise overall a fairly enjoyable meal .
in food items we got over 80 items to choose from .
The food at this place is to die for and those burgers / sandwiches and platters will make you a frequent visitor to this place .
Food is delicious and the coctails are also very good .
Overall the food was good .
First thing first..Food is flavorsome and delectable .
But regarding the rating of food i just can say it was delicious and amazing .
But rest all the items we ordered were refreshing .
Suggest you to order thick gravy items ( Kababs ) and not the gravy ones .
The only problem this place has is lack of proper arrangements for people to have their food .
The menu is definitely interesting with some great fusion food options .
They offered a Misti doi flavored sorbet to cleanse the palate before the main course , it was an awesome experience to eat Misti doi on a stick , modern food at its best .
You eat with your eyes first : ) 
Went there for an official lunch .
Dining here is a visual delight as much as it is a titillation to the taste buds .
We had a drink suggested by the waiter which was very innovative and nothing like I ' ve ever had before .
All the items on their menu have some or the other twist .
And try going in a big group so that you get to taste more of their delicious and memorable dishes .
This place is specially for Thai lovers 
The food quality is superb .
The food menu is wat i liked .
Amazing Punjabi food .
The dimsums are some of the best I have eaten in the city .
I would highly recommend trying their cheung fun which is similar to a spring roll wrapped in the dumpling pastry .
Never really had too much of the main course as the primary purpose of going here is always to gorge on dumplings .
Absolutely do not miss an opportunity to try their decadent desserts .
An all time favourite is the hazelnut mousse..sinful 
Overall Yauatcha is a must try if you likeDimsums .
We usually go in early or else you may have to wait at the bar for a while which isn ' t too bad either .
I am sure you won ' t eat them anywhere else in the city after your visit .
their various types of marinating according to your choice blow you away .
I think this place beats the regular , mainstream pizza chains by a very huge margin when it comes to variety , quantity of toppings , quality of cheese used and the freshness of the breads .
I think this place beats the regular , mainstream pizza chains by a very huge margin when it comes to variety , quantity of toppings , quality of cheese used and the freshness of the breads .
amaging food 
this place is around five minutes walking distance from my parent's place and i make sure i go there for lunch / dinner every time i am in town .
undoubtedly , the best place in Guwahati for nagamese food .
The BEST North Indian food is at this place 
but it was a bit disappointing this time , because of less number of starters and they were average taste - wise .
desserts were a big no , hated the pastry items , only chocolate brownie was good .
the spread was nothing to talk about 
went to the place for a buffet lunch after reading some promising reviews of the place sadly 
Food is of course very very good here .
They have the best Nachos 
Being a foodie , I ' m on a constant search to look out for the best Nachos - theirs is just right .
Calcutta has an exquisite menu , decor and service making it the best destination for Bengali food .
The Best Place In Mumbai To Eat Chinese Dishes .
don't have many options .
so if you wanna go for drinks time its a big no no .
don't have many options .
BTW the burgers are to die for .
The food has a few gastronomic things , but that ' s about it .
The dishes are plane jane , right from the starters to the desserts we did not find anything that was overly amazing , this kind of food can be found anywhere in Mumbai to be very honest .
The mocktails weren ' t that extraordinary either .
The food has a few gastronomic things , but that ' s about it .
You go for the heavy and heady Punjabi food , prepared quickly and sumptuously .
I ' m a vegetarian , so I ' m probably not getting the most out of this joint , but the rolls are pretty good and it ' s damn easy to get to ( just ask anyone within a kilometer where Kamal Cinema is , which is what this market is locally known as ) .
Food was excellent and was worth the wait .
The food was definitely a treat for our palates .
The show stopper for us were the desserts .
Kudos to the dessert chef , who is doing an excellent job .
We had the jaffa cake and the blood orange cake..
Probably I could have rated it better if it wasn ' t for lunch that I was looking for .
I don ' t think we would need words to explain the food here .
It is one of the best place for North Indian food in Delhi .
Nice place for a peaceful dinner with family and friends .
If you want to just hang out and hav drinks it ' s really nice place .
have been there atleast 15 times & amp ; the food have never disappointed me 
kebabs ..
!The icecream in a flower pot is a must try for people with a sweet tooth , and also for people who want to be surprised ; ) !! 
Though Atmosphere 6 publicizes itself as a place to have world cuisine , the menu is anything but .
We were also taken aback by the menu card itself .
Have seen better quality of menu cards at roadside dhaabas .
had a hard time biting into it .
Best pizzas if you are a pizza lover .
i was very much disappointed with thatbiryani was not bad .
i went here for lunch buffet with my friends .
overall , this is a place with very few items for a buffet and with poor quality meat .
I love SE Asian Food and Urban Asia tops it all the way in that department .
The drinks and cocktails repertoire is enviable and with such good food and great live music , you ' ll land downing a few more than you planned .
don't think it's the place to be for vegetarians .
I ordered there grilled sandwich which was not upto my expectations .
the Sushi paradise in Punjab 
The pizza sandwiches are great to try if one is willing to try something different .
place is very good good food most important it's vegetarian to all my non veg friends see super menu pure veg .
Thumbs up for the continental food .
( Good point ) Tip : If coffee improves a lil bit , it would be quite better .
Good thing for the smokers , you guys have bean bags outside , with sand .
i have trouble deciding what to eat and more importantly , what to forego , every single time i go there 
with my insatiable appetite for desserts and their rather appealing list , there was no way I was leaving without trying one .
now it has become one of the few restaurants i ' d drop by JUST for desserts 
with my insatiable appetite for desserts and their rather appealing list , there was no way I was leaving without trying one .
Starters not that good .
Food is good .
.different people have different taste..
Well let me just say if you are going there to fill your stomachs with ultra delicious food .
The salad bar was great , the pizza and pasta was good too and so was the Mexican .
I later lost my appetite when I came to know it is a veg restaurant .
Would have rated 5 if it had non veg and wine .
The food is out of this world .
I will surely want to recommendThe truffle dim sum .
Will recommend it to anyone who loves authentic Chinese cuisine .
Will recommend it to anyone who loves authentic Chinese cuisine .
dishes served here are of good taste and you will find one of them to be best in your list .
However if you are going to eat then it is not at recommended .
One of the finest restaurants I have come across in pure veg category .
The chennai foodie has quite the number of options to satisfy their craving for north indian food in chennai , and bombay brasserie stands out from all of those by redefining alot of dishes .
A must visit and the Chocolate paper brownie a must to order .
pannchavarna utthappam , which is recommended in zomato was not that good .
Best is their raha dosa and idli .
fish skewers was the best for me .
you will fall for it even more .
we were excited to be trying Burmese cuisine for the first time ever after hearing rave reviews about the food here .
Gulati restaurant tops my list when it comes to North Indian nd mughlai food .
Lastly try the amazing waffle recipes they have to offer .
The drinks menu was acceptable...
But , it seriously fell shot in the food menu...
This was one lunch I will not forget for a long time .
It was easily one of the best lunches I have ever had .
..awesome food .
food Served There Tastes badthey Ll Treat As If They Are Serveing Free Food 
Based on that , i do rue on missing out the chance to have a proper meal in this restaurant .
What surpise is food it is good but not to the mark of best .
I have been there for my b ' day party at that time food was awasome I and my friends really enjoyed it .
Awesome food .
4.5 just for the food : ) 
We ate Hickory BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger as well as Fritto Misto , I don ' t remember name of the dishes .
awesome food with amazing innovative menu ...
full points to the burger as well ...
Food tasted good not that of expected .
As we went on our friends birthday we enjoyed a lot eating the tastiest items on the menu , even though it was after hours the food tasted good .
The food was amazing along with services .
Just the place to be at if you want to do something " different " rather than just your lunch and dinner dates 
I am pretty sure once they start serving their brewed beer , places like TOIT and all will be given a run for their money .
Best Parsi food in town ( not that there are many choices ) .
Limited choices from the menu .
The highlight however , is the quality of food and beverage .
Their drinks are well made and their appetizers are above par , despite being pedestrian in choice .
Do not ever miss the absolutely lip smacking Galouti and Kakori kebabs they offer .
Your taste buds will be tickled .
An ideal place for a date , be it lunch or dinner 
The North Indian style of preparing fish is an art .
they ' re the best pizzas I ' ve ever had 
It ' s definitely going to b my go to place for pizzas : D 
Quantity too was good .
A place that serves really good North Indian food .
!Been there for a buffet lunch and the quality of those variety foods including different chats is really appreciable unlike the other restaurants .
I ' ll probably still go back for the drinks but unlikely for a dinner again .
Hands down one of the best pizza spots in the suburbs .
The place is just like a regular pizza spot , nothing too flashy and almost always there is a significant waiting time to get seated but the waiting is worth it as the quality makes up for it .
If you love chicken and dont care for the ambience....
great place for a quick yummy Pasta n shakes 
Come to this place if you absolutely sure you dont want Indian food 
Come to this place if you absolutely sure you dont want Indian food 
This is the first time i have been to AB ' s , we are group of 5 family members we all enjoyed happily.food was very good starters are excellent , And desserts are pretty much fine .
With all the competition around with the food outlets , a little more flavoring with the food would help .
Went to this place for a quick drink last night which was a Monday .
Food is awesome , only starters are available .
whole day happy hours - get 1 drink free on 2 drinks .
Secondly , the food that we ordered was pathetic .
The lasagne was way too salty .
.we loved the udon noodles here too .
The starters are good too .
An absolute delight for beer lovers .
But there is a serious lack of choices on the food menu .
The taste of food is average 40 % not to expected level .
If u go with family and friends means u can enjoy the food .
Visited here last Friday during dinner time , had such a great time .
The weekday buffet lunches are not to be missed .
The wide range of desserts will satisfy your sugar cravings .
The menu list is long .
So there is a lot to choose from for everybody .
Truely amazing n new concept of food .
Childhood fav , I think every person in delhi must have gone to this restaurant atleast once , went here after ages , and still the food was same just delicious 
My parents being vegetarian ordered the vegetarian set menu - in which there were 2 options for the main course so dad got one and mum the other ( and I ordered the non vegetarian one ; so we basically had a try of all of the different items they have to offer .
This being our first time , he helped us navigate the menu and recommended some really good options like the duck and the lamb ( for me ) , and the mushroom chai for all of us .
Only problem being it was a huge portion , the 3 of us barely got through half .
We were so busy munching through all of the entrees and the main , by the time we got to the dessert , we had no room left 
Finally went there for dinner with my parents and was blown away by how ridiculously amazing everything looked and tasted 
this place has great starters and decent maincourse and good desserts .
after long time i realy enjoyed the food and had a good time .
will prefer other food outlets .
I almost always eat only dim - sum when we dine here and have tried most of the menu .
The starters are the only thing that tastes better than any other thing on the buffet .
food is yummm ....
Food is tasteless .
Visited last night for family dinner .
i literally couldn't eat , thanks to mcdonald's i didn't sleep empty stomach .
chicken wasn't fresh , Panner jalfrezi was like eating shev bhaji in some dhaba .
mock tails wasn't good at all .
Whats even more amazing is that you can have 2 different pizzas in one with their half and half option .
Later came the " SO " called Butter Garlic Prawns , not sure if the chef had his mind concentrated while cooking this .
awesome food .
They have legendary kababs and main dishes as well , all in all , be sure that you come here with an empty hungry stomach .
just order anything and it will be amazing .
Great food .
If you are going for the first time , close your eyes and order the Joey ' s special .
they only have Draught Beer so just get one large jug ( its good on your wallet ) and then enjoy .
There are so many interesting food options , that ' ll I ' ll have to make many more visits to try them all , and I totally intend to do so .
This place is specially for the youngsters and not for people who prefer the traditional punjabi stuff .
....however the flavours are not very authentic as is what I can get in a Bengali household 
It was QUITE bitter to my expectation , to the point where I had to put 3 sugar pouches in it .
Certainly not quality food .
.Every cuisine that the restaurant claims to have is not done any justice to .
After having visited the restaurant at least 7 - 8 times ( coz friends dragged me ) and after having tried so many different dishes I can say with confidence that the food overall is simply not impressive by any standard 
I went to the one in jubilee hills , we were a group of 6.
I must say the pastas were a disappointment .
Our drinks were fine too .
Little italy happens to be one of my all time favourite italian restaurants .
one of the most fabulous dinners that i had in mumbai so far .
Nothing can go wrong with pizzas here .
But I make sure that they put just the right amount of topping on my Favourite pizzas and this is my go to pizza destination 
if you want to have nihari you have to order it before .
dahi papdi and gol gappa ( looks like most restaurants find this cheap or Indians like this  
watever ) , below average taste .
Only Problem is With Food .
the food in my opinion was very ordinary .
my usual fare here has been their wide offerings of pasta ; with pasta in white sauce probably my favourite .............
so correctly done that they melt in your mouth ..............
the Sticky Toffee Pudding , probably had the best toffee filling i have had in ages ..............
If you love pizza...this is your destination 
must visit for sea food lovers..! 
I would rate it on top in the whole of gurgaon if you ' re a beer lover .
You can have the forbidden Absinthe here 
Have been here several times , keep coming back for their deserts and u limited whiskey sour menu .
food was everything promised and more .
i had love to try the full menu potion .
So , if you are thinking of a family lunch or dinner , you ' d better consider one of the other restaurants .
But then again , if it was a Pizza that I wanted , there sure are better places to go to than this one .
This place serves delicious north indian food in a its own fusion style .
Its basically a hub for all those chicken crazy people .
And why restrict yourself to chicken when their a - la - carte presumably boasts all kind of non - veg dishes .
the food was good 
with our plates and water glasses there was no room to put the dishes we ordered .
One thing about this outlet of Katani is , the preparation of food is bit low as compares to other outlet of katani .
But Chandigarh ' s Katani was far better in food wise.
Explored food here too .
But Chandigarh ' s Katani was far better in food wise.
Overall , if you are really really hungry and want to have a heavy or light food , get in and come out with your tummy full : ) 
their special irani chai is something different .
but if you have the taste for it , you should try it .
if you want you can just go there and have tea and cookies and a sandwich .
their Bombay sandwich is really good .
But to my surprise The pasta that i had here is one of the best pastas that I have ever tasted .
they do not serve alcohol 
but have a lovely selection of fresh mocktails , i recommend all the iced tea's .
also try the summer roles , tofu satay , tom yum soup and fiery prawns .
Kandahari raan is my ultimate fav from here , a must have signature dish which can easily be shared by more than two ppl...
The food was good .
all i liked was kokam drink .
As far as food goes we were happy with just the potato basket .
one of the best places for andhra biriyani .....
a month doesn't pass on without the meghanas biriyani ......
but they surprised me with quite a few options for us 'ghaas - phoos ' eating people .
a cheese lover myself , the all American cheese burger appealed greatly to me .
but , what stole my heart was their hotch potch cake - a dense chocolate cake , served hot , with the chocolate oozing all over is sure to give you the goosebumps ( an excellent remedy for a break up too.
been n toast is good 
asparagus roll was also a waste .....
limited options for vege lovers ....
i would give them 5.0 for their excellent food .
food is average taste cannot expect more in such breweries where folks come in to enjoy in house beers .
i was in a rush and had very little time to take an Almond Cube which was absolutely decadent 
i can't miss a full - fledged meal here when i come for the next time , breakfast especially since that is really special 
there are better places if you are looking for pan Asian food .
The pizzas over here are too good and same is the case with most of the drinks .
..there is jst so much food .
i ended up eating the Naan with the oily masala hich gave me a heart burn and and upset stomach .
this place serves good North Indian food .
Nice place to have a lunch or dinner buffet .
If I would suggest a buffet to anyone in Jaipur , it ha to be at Okra .
They keep experimenting with a few bakery products every now and then and I have found it to turn out good most of the times .
Mutton biriyani is so good that i am yet to try other items .
Stared visiting for lunch recently and gone there for 4 or 5 times .
as a vegetarian you'd not expect a great variety 
they have marble ice cream and you can mix it up and add your own stuff to it like sprinkles and sauce .
best part they have churros  
as a vegetarian you'd not expect a great variety 
Team it with chicken chaap or mutton kossa , if you want the juices flowing .
good variety in food ( aka very long menu ) , the alcohol menu is also reasonably exhaustive ( read punchy cocktails ) .
the food quality is good too .
Beer Is very good .
potato skin baked with bacons ...
all orders till now perfect ..
It was a veggie season and the offering here are limited .
i also orderd a masala peanuts to go with my bucket of 5 beer .
..though all other items were equally good .
burger in Bangalore , 
, truffles always come to my mind.
it is one of the best spot for delicious food that you don't want to miss.
the burgers and the Cappuccino ( Dunnkaccino ) remain more or less the same , the donut size has reduced considerably ; something that saddened me .
and its just garnish lovely ...
Good food .
My friends and I went for a brunch .
A must visit place for South Indian food lovers .
While waiting at the bar - we decided to try a couple of drinks .
As we settled down on the table , we decided to dive into the berry polao and Sali mutton .
We were told by a rather hunky gentleman that we will have to wait for 15 - 20 mins , however , we were offered a place at the bar while we waited for the table .
nothing else to order in vegetarian 
though except paneer tikka .
if u r a vegetarian only go for it if u r a fan of dal makhani .
..The buffet menu has very few options .
food is average ..
not top of the world as has been hyped .
It is d most trending beer cafe in town .
rajasthani food at its best .
The non vegetarian dishes are just amazing .
Great place to hangout , pop a beer and enjoy some chicken .
the list of drinks are long along with nice hookahs 
Yet each and every item was brilliant .
Overall : good place to go but should be really hungry to try everything 
excellent food ( you must try the largest nann bread in the world ) .
Food was great .
one of my favorite places for the starters .
one of the best pan - asia restaurant in Chennai .
some of the dishes are at par if not better with Indian Accent which the gold standard for contemporary Indian cuisine .
i am yet to have a good desert in both my visits there .
If you think parsi food is not for vegetarians - think again .
Good for a lazy afternoon brunch or early evening snacks or even dinner .
But the taste of food is very good .
To my surprise , the quantity and quality of food has gone down drastically .
Helpings arent big either .
Every second shop In Delhi can serve you much better chicken rara then there and please save your hard earned money ?
In the end we ordered Kheer , that too was very pale .
They have a lot of options available , when it comes to drinks .
the truffle oil mushrooms has garlic beyond acceptable limits i felt .
mains we got the paneer makhani and pao bhaji ...
Finally , the main course , this is undoubtedly the best burger I ' ve ever had in Madras , mainly because its a beef patty .
Just one bite and believe you me , you ' re bound to melt in your seat engrossed in the delicate touch of the perfectly cooked meat and the perfect combination of everything that is in it 
HRC offers various varieties of burgers here that I ' d love to try , but I ' d become pauper if ever do that .
All of the dishes were just YUMMIEE 
Food is average .
taste - fine , 
next was some desert as of which i am very fond of , so i thought of trying Something diff known as parle g cheesecake Around Rs 360 , The yuckiest desert i had in my life it may make you puke.
Even the dishes have been named with such creativity .
But we vegetarians had a gala time too .
The plums had settled at the bottom and had to be stirred to bring out the flavor .
However the khari could have been crispier .
Raspberry soda : I was looking forward to this one because I have heard people rave about it .
I think this one could have used a lil more flavor .
Much better than Bombay Sandwich .
I loved the food here and would definitely recommend for those who haven ' t tried Parsi food .
worth recommending..
Pizza is too good .
and even think about ordering Enchanted chocolate mock tail , it's a blend of hersheys syrup , crushed ice and soda .
i would recommend this place if you want to go out with friends to chill & amp ; enjoy your lunch with great selection of drinks .
damn , i am drooling by just mentioning about these food .
The outlet is famous for its Parasi and Mumbai , snacks and drinks .
The outlet is famous for its Parasi and Mumbai , snacks and drinks .
Our main motive was to taste the good shit ' filter coffee ' and no doubt it was awefuckingsome .
