well when you know the friends would need to have something after a hectic work through at office and they need a couple of beers to be high on .
There are days when u feel like staying at home, njoin a drink (maybe more than that) with ur friends & not go out to fancy restaurants.
But the drawback in such a scenario is after a certain time @ night everything is either shut or it's shit.
There are days when u feel like staying at home, njoin a drink (maybe more than that) with ur friends & not go out to fancy restaurants.
The superhero for lazy ass folks like me.
So no more standing in queues to get ur fav food on weekends.
When it's a Saturday and u really want some appetizing food which will give you a toothsome feeling.
CHEERS..!!!
Looking forward for more.
Came in handy a couple of days ago when we were starving at 2AM.
A little bit nostalgic also..
We were just trying it for the first time so cant comment.
But they really need to maintain the authenticity of the restaurant and not focus on the chinese menu, which they are.
Do yourself a favour and go somewhere else please...
but you can definitely order from there without a second thought.
Good luck Pema !
   Sometimes we dream.
Its not intentional.
Its not always planned.
And its not always cliched.
The lovely husband and wife team of Pema and Mickey dreamed of starting their own place in Delhi for many years.
Through trying times, through boring day jobs.
This is their dream coming true.
There are plans to expand slowly.
Take my word for it.
Because its just that good!
Its not intentional.
Its not always planned.
The lovely husband and wife team of Pema and Mickey dreamed of starting their own place in Delhi for many years.
Through trying times, through boring day jobs.
This is their dream coming true.
Well what does pema means ?
After being placed in the wishlist for almost more than a week ,finally I tried Pema's today.
Go for it.
Cheers!
Here?
I headed over to tpot for breakfast around 11am.
I'm generally a guy who eats small meals at regular intervals of time.
! 
What else do you want?
Do go to this place and you can thank me later.
Another good place in my list and i finally visited it to quench my hunger today.
It is not at all hard to find, it is located midway from Malvia Nagar Metro Station to Hauz Khas Metro Station on main road only.
I started with the order.
I did not like it.
Love this place!!
I have been here twice.
And there is one quality about this place I can vouch for.
Its really not fair that the best running cafes these days completely ignore the staple drink of every Indian household, and I am glad that T'pot makes it a point to go against the market trends.
And now, coming to things that actually matter.
They have a really clean one.
Why I like it: 
1.
5.
We were shopping in shahpur jat and thought to give this cafe a try.
I visited this place a week ago.
P.S.
Zo is tucked away in a corner in HKV and was surprisingly lovely.
Zo is tucked away in a corner in HKV and was surprisingly lovely.
We were starving and didn't waste anytime in ordering food.
