Service is extremely important in a restaurant. I always say that people will come to the restaurant for food, but they'll come back for service. The number one reason someone comes back to a restaurant is recognition. I don't care who you are, there's always that moment when you walk into a restaurant, even if you have a reservation, you confirm that moment of hesitation, do they have my reservation? "Please, they have to have it. I can't go through this." And so you walk in and they say, "Hi, Mr. Smith, welcome back." It's over. You're there. You're there for life.

And so I think that service can be broken down into two things. There's service, which is all the nuts and bolts around service, you know, clearing and serving from the right side of the guest, making sure wine's filled at the proper level, water's filled at the proper level, wine at the proper time, making sure that silver is on the table for the correct course. Those are all the mechanics of service. But then there's the other side of it, and that's the hospitality side of it. And I think most of the time when people mention service, they're talking about hospitality. I've been to restaurants where the service has been excellent and the hospitality is terrible.

And you may look at that and go, "I didn't like the service. It was stuffy," or whatever. It's the hospitality that they're not getting. And I think that when a restaurant gets it right, they're doing all those steps correctly plus they have the hospitality down. And I think the hospitality side of it is the way that you're treated, the way that you're welcomed to a restaurant, the way you're said goodbye to at a restaurant. It is that added value. It's the reason why you're going to make a decision to come back to this restaurant and spend your money again. Because you felt good about the experience. You were happy when you left. That usually happens through great hospitality.

An integral part of any restaurant is its customer service. It doesn’t matter how fabulous your restaurant décor is or how delicious your food is, if the service doesn’t meet or exceed customers’ expectations, there is a good chance they won’t come back. Customer service covers many different parts of restaurants day to day operations, going far beyond the front of the house staff.

    1. The Customer is Always Right. This is the golden rule of business. Even if you think the customer is wrong you never, ever, tell them that. Be understanding and empathetic and take the time to listen to their complaint or suggestion. Problems will inevitably arise in even the best of restaurants- it’s how you handle them that will determine if customer return or go elsewhere.

    2. Good Customer Service Involves the Entire Restaurant Staff. While the front of the house is the face customers see, customer service includes everyone, from the maintainence crew to the cooks in the kitchen. Clean rest rooms, good food, a friendly and inviting atmosphere are all components of good customer service, in which every restaurant employee plays a role.

    3. Don’t Overbook Reservations. If your restaurant takes reservations, be careful how close together you book them. Nothing will upset a customer like showing up for a six pm reservation and being told he’ll have to wait another 30 minutes. Restaurant reservations, when done correctly, allow you to spread out seating’s and keep the kitchen out of the weeds. When done poorly, reservations can result in a dining room filling up too quickly for the kitchen and not leaving any room for walk-ins. Read more about restaurant reservations.

    4. Understand How Restaurant Tipping Works. A good gauge of customer satisfaction is how well they tip at the end of a meal. A poor tip isn’t always a reflection on the server; it could be the food, timeliness of the meal or other factors. Some restaurants choose to pool tips; others keep it separate among servers. For large parties or catered events, some gratuity is automatically added.Read more about restaurant tipping.

    5. Don’t Skimp on Customer Appreciation. Have a couple who dines with you every week? A bar patron who comes after work for a beer? Don’t be afraid to comp a few meals or beverages for your regular customers. This shows them that you appreciate their business.

    6. Always Ask for Customer Feedback. How was everything? Any server worth their salt will ask this at least once during a meal. But not every customer feels comfortable complaining verbally if something is wrong. Offering a customer comment card at the end of a meal is an opportunity to gain valuable feedback, both positive and negative, about your restaurant. While it’s never fun to hear what people don’t like, comment cards give you an opportunity to make improvements. Read more about creating customer comment cards.

    7. Know How to Handle Disruptive Customers. Occasionally you may have to deal with a customer who has had too much to drink or is in some other way acting out. Be sure you and your staff know how to effectively and safely deal with disruptive customers. One key strategy is to stop serving alcohol immediately if a person shows signs of intoxication. Read more about how to deal with drunken customers.

    8. Teach Your Staff the 10 Common Customers Service. About guide to Marketing, Susan A. Friedmann, has compiled a list of 10 commandments every business should know. These commandments can all be adapted to the restaurant industry.

    9. Use Social Media to Enhance Customer Service. Social network sites like Facebook and Twitter offer an easy and free way to reach out to customers. You post daily and nightly specials on your wall, “like” customers status updates and set up invites to restaurant events.

    10. Review What You’ve Learned. Time to put it all together and check out these basics of good restaurant customer service. 


 Here are three simple steps for great customer service.

1. Your Restaurant Staff

The first step in great customer service is your restaurant staff. A well trained front of house staff will keep customers happy and coming back for more. Not just anyone can wait tables or tend bar. Good wait staff are among the most talented people out there. They are friendly, but not annoying. They can multitask, but still give customers their undivided attention. And they are honest, trustworthy and can work as a team. Read on for how to hire for the front of the house.

2. Customer Complaints

The next step in great customer service is how you handle customer complaints. No matter how hard you try, things are bound to go wrong once in a while. Food gets burned, orders get forgotten in the middle of a dinner rush, or new servers simply forget all their training. No matter the reason for the complaint, the important thing is to try and please the customer. You should acknowledge that yes, there was a problem, but it is not what they should expect from your restaurant. Read on for tips on how to handle common customer complaints.

3. Show Your Customer Appreciation

Actions speak louder than words, and that is certainly true of customer appreciation. There are countless ways you can show your customers how much you appreciate their business. And it doesn’t have to cost you a lot of money (or any money in some cases). Fr example, personal attention, especially by the owner or manager can go a long way in making customers feel special. Read on for tips on how to make every customer feel like they are a VIP.

4. Be Responsible.

Responsibly serving liquor is probably the biggest way to show customers you value them. After all, you don’t want to see a patron who’s had too much to drink get behind the wheel of a car and hurt himself or someone else. Therefore, if you are planning on serving liquor at your new restaurant, than you should be familiar with all your state liquor laws. While liquor laws vary from state to state, in most cases if a person is involved in an accident while drunk you, as the owner of the establishment that served them, may be held liable as well. It is also important that your wait staff understand how to identify a person who is intoxicated, so they don’t serve (or continue to serve) them. Occasionally you may have to deal with a patron who’s more than a little tipsy. Read on about how to deal with drunk customers. 

 My restaurant is a year old and we are doing okay, but I have had some staff turnover in the past few months and I feel like my new staff isn’t offering the best customer service. I don’t have a front of the house manager. I try to stay on top of issues that come up, but I can’t be everywhere at once. What are some ways that I can train my existing staff as well as new staff to give good customer service consistently, without me standing over their shoulder all the time?

Jennifer C.
Answer: Dear Jennifer, Good food and good atmosphere are no good without good customer service. The first year of establishing a new restaurant is hectic, to say the least. And from my own experience the hardest part of owning a restaurant was dealing with staff. I had great staff, for the most part. But there were always the occasional oops, why did we hire you? Some people are just naturally good at dealing with customers and waiting tables or tending bar. Others need more training, and eventually come round. Still others just need to find a new profession.

So, back to your question, how do train your staff. First establish clear guidelines about what is expected from them. This is where an employee handbook is helpful. A good restaurant employee manual outlines all your expectations for job performance as well as job descriptions, safety procedures and any other communication you want to convey. If there is ever a dispute with an employee, about policies, behavior, etc...you can pull out your handy dandy employee manual for the correct answer.

Next, have clear expectations about what is good customer service. There is the basic stuff: smile, make eye contact, be polite. There may be other steps you would like staff to follow, depending on your restaurant concept. At one of my favorite fine dining restaurants, the host always holds the chair for any ladies in a party and the bus person crumbs the table between courses. They are trained as part of their job to offer these small perks to all their guests. Maybe you are family friendly restaurant. Train your staff to treat kids like customers too, to ensure they (and therefore their parents) have a good dining experience.

Go above and beyond what is expected. For example, I was out to dinner at one of my favorite pubs with a friend, who asked for coleslaw with his burger. Coleslaw wasn’t included with burgers, but my friend had ordered it on other occasions without any problem. The waitress, who was new, said point blank, “No, the kitchen doesn’t like to mix up orders like that.” Not only would she not accommodate his request, she wouldn’t even ask the kitchen or manager about it. We were both happy when our regular waitress was there the following week. Communicating to your staff that it is okay to ask questions if it means making a customer happy is important. Coleslaw is one of the cheapest items a restaurant can offer. It wasn’t going to cost the pub anything to throw a scoop of it onto the burger plate. If a customer has a reasonable request about their meal, always try to accommodate it. If you can’t, offer an alternative. The point is to show them that you care about their dining experience, and that you value their business and you want to make them happy.

Encourage your wait staff to anticipate customer needs, rather than waiting to be asked for something. Don’t wait until their water glass is empty, refill it at half. Offer up a dessert list; don’t wait for the customer to ask to see one. Not only does the customer feel taken care of, small steps like these can help staff upsell, increasing check averages and their tips. 

There are many small, inexpensive (and often free) ways to show your customers how much you appreciate their business. Of course, great food and service is paramount for successful customer appreciation; however, personal attention, especially by the owner or manager can go a long way in making customers feel appreciated. Read on for tips on how to make every customer feel like they are a VIP.

Personal Attention- Don’t be afraid to go up to tables and introduce yourself and ask how their meal is. Customers will feel very special that they owner took the time to check on them. You don’t need to have a lengthy conversation with each table (many customers would much rather you kept it short). Just give a brief introduction and tell the customer if they have any problems, to let you know.

Get to Know Your Regulars- Regular customers are the backbone of any successful restaurant. Get to know their names, spouses name, kids name. Ask about what they do for a living. If you have a regular who comes in to watch every baseball game on the pub TV, then talk sports (you can fake an interest in sports, I have proven this many times). Show the customer that you enjoy seeing them (not just their wallet) and make them feel at home.

Address Problems Immediately- Inevitably you will encounter customer complaints. Don’t shy away from them. Instead, acknowledge the problem and offer some type of solution, whether it is a rain check for running out of dessert or a free round of drinks because the service was slow. Read on to learn how to handle customer complaints.

Freebies- Once you have established a solid customer base, you can offer an occasional free drink, dessert, maybe even a meal to a regular customer. It doesn’t have to be done a regular basis (that would defeat the purpose of charging people to eat at your establishment). However, giving a free appetizer to a favored bar patron is one of the best ways to show good will toward customers.

Set an Example for Your Staff - Your staff will follow your lead. If you are friendly and charming to the customers, then your staff follows suit. Lead by example, so that when you are not present, your customers will still receive the same five-star service they have come to expect. 

No matter how hard you try, things are bound to go wrong once in a while. Food gets burned, orders get forgotten in the middle of a dinner rush, or new servers simply forget all their training. No matter the reason for the complaint, the important thing is to try and please the customer and send them home knowing that, yes there was a problem, but it is not typical of your establishment. Let them know that you, the owner, value their comments and their business.

How you handle customer complaints will determine if the customer comes back to your restaurant. Here are some tips to help you field your next complaint and send your customer home with a smile.

Listen- Listen to what the customer has to say. Even if you can’t solve the problem, you still need to listen. For example, perhaps a customer is displeased because there is waiting line. Well, there isn’t much you can do about it, except let them vent.

Body Language- The way you stand and look at a customer can speak more than words. Maintain eye contact and don’t cross your arms over your chest, if you are feeling defensive. Avoid the urge to roll your eyes, if you are feeling exasperated. Instead, nod and smile, no matter how irritated you may feel. This shows you value their opinion and their business.

Apologize- Remember that customer who was so upset over the long waiting line? Offer an apology. “I understand that you are not happy about the wait, sir, but we are working as fast as we can to get you a table. We really appreciate your patience and willingness to wait. Perhaps you would like to have a drink at the bar until your table is ready.” You demonstrate that you completely understand their frustration and are working diligently on a solution.

Freebies- If a customer has problem that could have been prevented, such as an overcooked steak or a snippy server, then the best route to take is to apologize and an offer them some sort of compensation. Here are some quick freebies that you can give customers that won’t cost you much money, but will go a long way to assure future business:

    • Free round of drinks
    • Free dessert
    • Gift certificate for a future visit
    • Merchandise, such as a beer glass or tee-shirt
    • Take a certain percent off their meal

Occasionally you will have a truly angry customer (perhaps justified, perhaps not) who declares “I’m never coming back!” Well, if that is the case there probably isn’t any freebies you can offer to change their mind. Calmly assure the customer you understand their frustration, and offer an apology (again) and let them know if they change their mind you would love to see them again. By sending them off on a courteous note, there is a very good chance, once their anger has cooled, they will try your restaurant again. 
If you are planning on serving liquor at your new restaurant, than you should be familiar with all the laws and responsibilities that come with it. While liquor laws vary from state to state, in most cases if a person is involved in an accident while drunk you, as the owner of the establishment that served them, may be held liable as well.

The best way to avoid any potential lawsuits stemming from drunkenness is to not serve a customer who appears inebriated. Of course, some people can hold their liquor very well, and your staff may not realize the patron is drunk until it is too late. If you are faced with a customer who has had too much to drink, here are some tips for handling them:

STOP serving them immediately. If the customer has wandered in from another bar or restaurant, you can refuse to serve them. They may claim you’re acting illegal, but your not. You are acting responsible.
    • Offer the customer some coffee and some food, as an alternative to a drink.
    • Call a cab or another ride home for the customer. Do not let them drive!
    • If a customer becomes belligerent or angry, escort them outside of the restaurant and call the police, who can look after the customer, until he or she is safe and sober.

TIPS (Training for Intervention Procedures) is a program that teaches restaurant staff about the responsible sale of alcohol. It gives advice on how to identify if someone has had too much to drink, and how to deal with them effectively. Visit the TIPS website for more information training your staff. 

Customer service has been a widely discussed topic for decades. The early 90's saw a period of quality customer service, exceeding customer expectations and "moments of truth". The technology revolution has brought customer relationship tools and software. Technology allows business of all sizes to manage their customer relationships with profiles, trends and customer history.

It would seem that nothing new has developed from the field of customer service until you know the work of Professor Richard B. Chase and Associate Professor Sriram Dasu at USC's Marshall School of Business.

Professor's Chase & Dasu have applied the field of behavioral science to customer service. They have developed five principles that are simple but profound. The insight gleamed from these principles will leave an impact on customer service for many small businesses when applied.

Five Principles of Customer Service

Finish Strong: It's not the beginning of the customer's interaction with your business that is important. It is the end of the interaction that leaves the biggest impression. The final customer interaction is what resides in the memory of your customer. Professor Chase makes a case for consultants to finish their projects with the biggest bang. Ask yourself, what value-added customer service can I provide that will end with a big WOW from customers?

Get the Bad Experiences Out of the Way Early: Customer service based on behavioral science, tells us to save the best for last and get the unpleasant side of business out of the way early in the process. This may entail; delivering bad news early or putting unpleasant tasks, such as a lengthy application process at the early stages. Freeing your customers from the bad experiences early, allows them to focus on the positive aspects of your service.

Combine the Pain, Segment the Pleasure: Customer's time perception is linked to the number of breaks in the experience. Smaller chunks of pleasant experiences will be perceived as greater than one large segment. Disney incorporates this principle by having shorter amusement rides, giving the customer a better experience. So combine your company's unpleasant tasks together and break-up the enjoyable parts of the business process.

Build Commitment Through Choice: Provide your customers with choices in the product or service delivery. According to Professor Chase, a study revealed blood donors experienced less perceived pain when they had a choice of which arm the blood would be drawn from. The lesson here is to create choices for your customer during the business process.

Give People Rituals and Stick to Them: Behavioral science tells us that people find comfort in regular, repetitive rituals. Rituals can vary from quick phone call response times to a weekly client progress report. If for some reason, you miss this regular ritual that your customer expects then your customer service takes a big hit.

These five principles of customer service can alter your customer's perceptions forever. Take the time to view the business from your customer's eyes, apply the principles and watch your customer service ratings soar.

Two final employees in the restaurant chain are the cashier and the delivery person. As some restaurants deliver food to your door, the delivery driver is responsible to ensure the correct order is picked up and delivered to the right location. He is also responsible to collect the money for the food and provide the change. In a restaurant, the bill may be paid at the table or in the front with the cashier. Fast-food restaurants use the counter person as a cashier to collect the payment.


Whether you have a fine restaurant or a fast-food establishment, the food needs to go from the kitchen to the customer. Employees for this position vary based on the type of establishment. A waitress or server will take orders and hand-deliver plates of food to clients in a sit-down restaurant, while a fast-food restaurant has both counter or window servers who provide the food to the client. Some fast-food restaurants also bring food to the table.

All restaurants require a person in charge of cooking the food. In a fine restaurant, this person is the head chef, while in a fast-food chain, it may be the head cook. The chef normally has more in-depth duties as a fine restaurant contains many courses requiring additional kitchen help, such as pastry or sous chefs. Both restaurants require kitchen staff to cut vegetables and prepare or package the meals in addition to dishwashers and bus boys to pick up dirty dishes and clean them.

A chain of restaurants or a franchise can have a general manager to oversee the operation and ensure the quality of food is consistent throughout the restaurants, while a smaller restaurant can have a manager with the same job. Other management positions include assistant managers who can be responsible for the employee schedule or daily operations. An accountant can handle financial affairs, including ordering and paying vendors, payroll and taxes.

For an eating establishment to run properly, several types of restaurant employees are required. Although the mumber of employees can vary based on the type and size of restaurant, the general type of employees remains consistent. By knowing the employee types and their job functions, you can set up your restaurant in an efficient manner.


Training employees correctly is essential for any successful restaurant. Food service is a customer-contact-intensive business. Your staff needs to be attentive to customer demands while displaying the personality of your establishment. The restaurant business is challenged with the trade-offs of quality and speed of service. Your staff must manage these constraints effectively and training will help your enterprise achieve this goal. There is no right way to train a food service staff; instead, it is best to pick and mix your methods to meet your operation's particular situation and needs.

Food service is a customer service job. The primary goal of any restaurant employee, from manager to busboy, is to provide excellent service to the patrons. People go to restaurants for a night off from cooking and cleaning, making the experience almost important as the food. As a restaurant employee, it is your job to provide that service in a friendly manner. Even when a customer is unreasonable and rude, keep your interactions pleasant and remember that you represent the restaurant, not just yourself.

Not everyone likes their steak cooked the same way. Nor does everyone want a lemon in their diet soda. Whether you are a waitress, a bartender or a cook, you have to be able to prepare and deliver food to specifications, or you run the risk of diminishing your restaurant's reputation. Some restaurants even require wait staff to memorize specials and take orders without writing them down. Keeping in mind the proliferation of food allergies among patrons, something as innocuous as leaving peanuts on a sundae can be a potential health risk, opening your eatery up to liability.

Accuracy is a challenge in and of itself. This is exacerbated when you consider a restaurant employee must be able to handle multiple orders from multiple tables simultaneously. You may have to put in another round of drinks while fetching more napkins and checking on why table seven's food isn't ready yet. You must be able to handle these tasks with efficiency and poise. If you are easily flustered, you can easily become overwhelmed.

Restaurant employees rarely work 9 to 5. While you may have a set schedule, that schedule is almost always subject to change. As a high-turnover industry, personnel is always changing. You can work Friday and Saturday only to be called on to cover the Sunday shift. Or you may be scheduled to work until closing at midnight, only to find yourself working until the last table leaves at quarter to one. If you establish early on that you aren't someone who can be relied on to pick up the slack, you may not make it in the business.
As a manager, you have the power to influence your employees and change their behavior. Perhaps you've conducted recent layoffs that have corroded existing employee morale, or are dealing with the stress of managing a restaurant that might not be performing as well as you'd like. Whatever the reason, your employees look to you as a leader. If their leader is rude, condescending and easily irate, employees will not respond well. If, on the other hand, you are positive, approachable and enthusiastic about your restaurant staff, this can positively affect their behavior, which may translate to better service offered and returning customers to your restaurant.

Encouragement through recognition could be one way of altering employee behavior. Your employees may feel undervalued or under-appreciated, especially if they're not making as much in tips or are assigned to shorter shifts than they'd like. This sentiment could be contributing toward their behavioral problems and translating into poor service, and thus poor profits, at your restaurant. Take the time to privately meet with each of your employees to go over their strengths. For example, discuss your chef's best dishes with him and persuade him to pitch new menu ideas to you. Speak with your waitstaff individually, pinpoint each of their strengths and commend them on this portion of their work performance.

Many of your employees may view their tips as a reward for good service, but sometimes tips aren't enough. Offering other rewards as motivators separate from customer tips is one method for adjusting employee behavior. These rewards could consist of accolades, money or company perks. For example, posting an Employee of the Month picture at the front of your restaurant that encourages customers to ask for the award winner's service could boost morale and encourage employees to keep up the good behavior. Other rewards could include monthly bonus checks, or free dinners or bottles of wine from the restaurant for those who provide excellent customer service.

Depending on your schedule and how hands-on you are with restaurant operations, your employees may not feel that you listen to their problems or concerns. This could negatively affect employee behavior, especially if there is animosity between different layers of your staff, or if business has been slow and tips have dwindled. Inform your employees that you want them to come to you with any difficulties, concerns or complications they have about the job or daily situations they might run into at the restaurant. Also, ask for their input. Your employees may have good ideas on ways to boost your restaurant's business through marketing tactics or food promotions. Showing your team that you value their input may make them feel more appreciated.

Think about hiring some go-getter for a host/waiter/assistant (or a family member possibly just for first few weeks) who is willing to work loading a dishwasher, busing tables, helping keep an eye on the assets, watching and helping the front and/or other staff, opening or closing, weekends and such.

Make sure you give the address of the restaurant, not your home. 

Respond to the people who are interested in the job. Give the people a day for an interview. Make sure that they agree to that day. 

Restaurant Staffing

For the most part, the restaurant business is hierarchical. Like the army, everyone has a title and a role to play. Busboys and dishwashers are at the bottom, while managers and Executive Chefs are at the top.

The staffing structure will depend on the concept of your restaurant. A coffee shop will not have an Executive Chef nor a Sommelier (wine manager.)

Be forewarned -- staffing your restaurant and keeping it staffed will be one of your most difficult and time consuming tasks. Unless you have a large family and they all intend to work at the restaurant, you'll have to be hiring part-time and full-time help. Turnover is notorius in the restaurant industry.

These factors make it hard to attract and retain top people

    Pay is relatively low in the restaurant business due to the low margins of the business.
    Restaurant work, especially entry positions in the kitchen and in the front of the house are usually filled with people in their late teens and 20's who usually leave for better positions or to continue their studies.
    Other restaurants will try to hire away good people.
    Areas with low unemployment and few students find it harder to fill restaurant positions.
    People who will work for the low wages you will most likely offer for some of the most menial positions (bussers, dishwashers, etc.) may have little education. Some have criminal records. Others have drug and alcohol problems. So, keep your eyes and ears open. 

Benefits & Incentives – Key Tools for Attracting & Retaining Good People

There's a lot of turnover in the restaurant business, so to minimize it, offer employees benefits and incentives that will make them feel appreciated and much more inclined to uphold the highest standards at all times.

Give out coupons for free movies to employees who never miss their shifts. Remember staff birthdays and serve a cake before the restaurant opens. Even the smallest positive gesture will go a long way. It says that you care.

Incentives are a fun way to drum up healthy competition between employees and to get sales up. Offer a free meal to the person with the highest weekly sales. At one restaurant where each week, a different wine would be highlighted, the employee who sold the most bottles of that wine would earn a gift certificate to a favorite store.

Empowering Employees
Employees who are encouraged to make decisions by themselves when on the job and who have the authority to solve problems and keep customers happy are generally more satisfied with their job than employees who must always seek out a manager. Managers and owners who empower their employees have lower turnover and higher customer satisfaction. So, when interviewing and hiring staff, look for people who like to thin


Hiring Managers, Servers and the Rest
Staffing the Front of the House
Owners who are not on site and try to manage from afar, especially a new restaurant, often run into trouble sooner rather than later. Like a spouse or child, restaurants require a lot of personal attention, and there is no substitute for that.

Management
If the owners are on site, they will usually split the shifts. One will open the restaurant and the other will close, for example. If the owners need additional help, they will hire one or more managers. There may be a General Manager for the restaurant who is responsible for all restaurant operations and who works closely with the Executive Chef. There may also be an Assistant Manager or two depending on the size of the restaurant and the number of hours it is open.

Wait staff
If the restaurant has table service, you will need to have waiters and waitresses or servers. If the concept is more formal, you may have servers and runners.

Runners
Runners work under the servers, bringing customers the food they ordered directly from the kitchen.

Bussers
Bussers are the folks who clear tables and re-set them. They bring the dirty dishes to the kitchen to be washed. 

Cashiers
Whether or not you'll have dedicated cashiers manning cash registers will depend on the type of concept you choose. White tablecloth restaurants and many table service eateries do not have cash registers. Rather, they have computer terminals with cash drawers that process credit card transactions located at service areas in the dining room.

Kitchen Staff

Executive Chef
The Executive Chef is in charge of a kitchen, responsible for recipe and menu creation, staff training, and overseeing all cooking. The chef also “manages” the staff of cooks, bakers, butchers, and everyone else involved in the preparation of food. The chef writes the menu, determines food cost and is in charge of purchasing for the restaurant. This person must be a confident leader, with the proven mastery skill and understanding of all stations in the kitchen. The chef must know how to manage the bottom line, as well as have top cooking skills.

Sous Chef
A Sous Chef (pronounced "sue") is literally, in French translation, the “under” chef. This chef is just below the Executive Chef in rank and is in charge of food production. He/she spends more time cooking than the executive chef and overseeing the daily happenings in the kitchen. The line cooks usually report to the sous chef. Some larger restaurants have more than one sous chef, each in charge of his/her own area.

Line Cooks
A line cook works on the hot line of the kitchen (where the food is cooked). He/she is below the sous chef in rank. Often, a line cook will be assigned to a station such as sauté or fryer or grill. Some cooks rotate stations each shift, while some remain at the same station until they have mastered that skill and are interested in learning another. Line cooks often train working at the cold station, or garde manger, where they prepare and plate cold appetizers, salads and desserts. A very demanding position, the line cook works incredibly hard and is exposed to heat, stress and sharp knives during much of their shift. This person must be very fast and accurate and be able to keep focused.

Prep Cooks
A prep cook spends their time at work prepping for all of the dishes that will be served during meal service, whether it is breakfast, lunch or dinner. Prepping includes washing, slicing, trimming and weighing. This person needs to be organized and quick, as they support the rest of the cooks. Line cooks may do all their own prep in smaller restaurants.

Pastry Chef
The pastry chef specializes in pastry and baking and is in charge of all pastry production in the restaurant. Smaller restaurants may not have a pastry chef, and may just buy desserts from an outside bakery.

Dishwashers
A dishwasher washes dishes and pots and empties the trash. This is one of the most demanding jobs in the kitchen and the least glamorous. Many chefs would attest to the fact that the dishwasher is the most important employee in a restaurant, since the place will come to a standstill if there are no clean plates or pots. A reliable dishwasher will work fast and hard and be able to keep up with the piles of dirty dishes and keep the trash cans emptied. This person needs to be reliable and strong!

Whether opening a restaurant for the first time, or simply hiring due to employee turnover, be prepared to keep constant tabs on your staffing needs. In the restaurant industry, a manager often needs to hire for the same position more than once. Learn to determine which positions you need to successfully run the business in order to find and keep the best staff members.
Know Your Staffing Needs

If you are opening a restaurant for the first time, you will need to determine your staffing needs with as much accuracy as possible. Even if you have run your business for a while and need to hire again, consider the following first:

    The type of restaurant you run (ie: fine dining, casual dining, fast food etc.)
    The type of food service you offer (ie: deli-style, buffet-style, fine-dining, etc.)
    The type of food on your menu—this determines what you need to cook and which kitchen stations you require
    The number of tables or seats available in your restaurant--this determines the number of servers you will need.

After you operate the restaurant for a while, you will begin to see the shifts and trends in daily and weekly business, and you will get a feel for which people—and how many people—you need for each part of the day.
Determine the Critical Positions for Your Operation

Know your concept before determining what position you will need to fill. For instance, a fine dining restaurant needs a chef and a sous chef, to start. However, a fast-food drive-thru will need a drive-thru order taker and fry-cooks. Additionally, consider the positions that will have direct contact with customers or guests. Hiring respectful, friendly and engaging people will help define the face of your operation and deliver the memorable customer experience you want.

» Learn more about roles in the restaurant 
Determine How Many Employees to Hire

Before hiring, be sure to consider the number of employees you should bring on. It helps to start out with a few more employees than necessary in case some staff members do not work out. At the same time, be sure your annual budget can accommodate the number of people you are looking to hire. Essentially, consider the following guidelines:

    Assess the number of tables, seats or service stations. The number of tables you expect to serve will help determine the number of servers you need on staff.

    Consider the layout of the kitchen and different kitchen stations. The layout of your kitchen and the cooking stations affect the number of line cooks or kitchen staff you require.

    Consider your busiest times first. Make sure your busiest times, typically lunch and dinner, are adequately staffed. For instance, you might need to staff more people from 11am-1pm than you would in early morning hours,

    Stay within the means of your budget. Your budget will not only determine how much you can afford to pay your employees, but how many employees you can have working at a time to keep your labor cost down.


Use a Sales and Guest Projection Chart.

A staff chart is helpful when determining how many employees to schedule. The chart below shows the number of guests anticipated each hour, as well as the projected sales the restaurant achieve each hour. This information determines the number of staff members needed per hour as well. You can organize your chart by number of expected tables if you do not know the expected hourly guest number. Be sure to consider your restaurant type, service style and layout when designing your chart, and keep operating efficiency and customer service as your priorities.

Proprietor

    business suit, dress, or chef’s white outfit
    overall supervision
    address:  unless you know the owner or the restaurant bears the proprietor’s first name, use the Mr., Ms. Honorific.

Maitre D’

    Black tie and tuxedo
    takes you reservation, greets you on arrival, escorts you to the table.  Supervises the dining-room staff.  Also known as the head waiter. 
    Address:  First name. If it is unknown, say “maitre d’”

Captain

    Black or white tie, white or colored diner jacket, and black pants.  Sometimes a tuxedo.
    Suggests entrees, takes your order, serves and prepares tableside dishes.  If no sommelier, presents the wine list.  Oversees about six waiters.  Occasionally presents the bill.
    Address:  first name.  or, if unknown, say “Captain.”

Sommelier

    Black outfit.  Often sports a flat silver cup (tastevin) dangling from a long, thick silver necklace. 
    Presents wine lists, offers suggestions, answers your oenological questions, brings and uncorks the wine, pours it and waits for your approval, and refills the glasses when necessary. 
    Address:  “Sommelier” (sohm-meh-l’yeh’) or “wine steward.”  Use given name if known. 

Waiter

    White or colored coat (usually less formal and cut shorter than the captain’s) or long-sleeved waistcoat.  Sometimes wears epaulets.  May have linen wrapped around waist.
    Your primary contact.  Fetches and serves the routine dishes and, possibly, beverages.  Usually brings the check.  Supervises the busboy. 
    Address:  Waiter.  Use given only if it has been announced or if the two of you are acquainted.

Busboy

    Sleeveless waistcoat of no sartorial splendor. 
    sets table, adjust place settings, refills water glasses, removes dirty tableware.
    Do not speak to the busboy.  Direct your requests through the waiter. 

Staff is a basis of any enterprise. Especially it is important for businesses involved in serving people. Well-trained and polite waiters attract visitors no less than kitchen and climate. May it be a top london restaurant or a simple by-the-road diners, all staff should be well-equipped with the proper way of communicating and interacting with customers. 

But sure, the main person in the restaurant is its head-cook. It possible to say that the chef is a soul of your enterprise. He or she thinks out menu, provides new dishes, selects and control kitchen staff and waiters, orders products. Choosing a chef pay attention to not only his culinary skills but also some manager's characteristics.
A Kitchen Manager
Search out how kitchen manger manages with his work. Find out what he should do and how to become a good specialist of this profession.
A Restaurant Manager
Find out what the duties of a restaurant manager are, the main characteristics of this person. Discover more of this job.
Bartender
Look through the article and find out what the main duties of a bartender are and how this person should work.
Bus Person
Find out what a bus person should do and what characteristics must have. Read how this person can advance.
Chef and His Team
Get to know how to find a chef for your restaurant, and what you should provide him with. Learn how to select a team of the chef and other staff.
Chef Uniforms
Discover what uniform chef should wear, what color it should be. Get to know what chefs should do to look spectacular.
Difficulties of the Waiter Job
Job of the waiter requires not only professional skills but also some psychological characteristics. Read about peculiarities of waiter profession here.
Dishwashers
The reputation of the restaurant largely depends on the cleanness of the plates and dishes. Every restaurant has a person who is responsible for providing clean tableware. Read this article and find out more about duties of a dishwasher.
Hiring a Cleaning Service
Find out why it is important to have a cleaning service at your restaurant and how to hire such service.
Hiring a Restaurant Manager
This article will help you understand why you have to have a restaurant manager, what are the main tasks of this person. You also can find the information how to hire him.
Host or Hostess
Host or hostess plays an important role in the life of restaurant. Get to know what their duties are and how to obtain it.
How to Keep at Work Employee
Check out how to keep and force work well your employees, how to apply encouragement and punishment.
How to Solve Personnel Problems
There are some problems with qualified personnel, especially in region. Check out ways you may use in staff search. Get useful recommendations for dealing with waiters.
How to Train Your Employees
Read the article and find out how you have to train your employees. Get to know tips that will help you do this in a proper way.
Personnel Famine
Discover the reasons of lack of personnel, learn why they are nor interested in the job.
Personnel Problem
Stuff is the basis of any enterprise. Learn the reasons of staff fluidity. Get to know what employers usually offer for their personnel and what their requirements are.
Problems the Metropolitan Chef Face with
Working in the country metropolitan head cook can face with different problems. Get to know how the restaurateur can solve them and why it is preferable to entrust the choice of chef-cook to advisers.
Recruiting Your Employees
It is very important to hire well-qualified employees. Read the article and find out things you should pay attention to when recruiting them.
Restaurant Industry's Careers
Find out how many employees work in the restaurant, what they do and how you can become one of them. Discover careers that restaurant industry offers you.
Sommelier
Sommelier plays an important role in the life of every restaurant. Read this article and find out how this person can influence on the popularity of your restaurant and what a sommelier should do, what his duties are.
Staff's Uniforms
Restaurant uniform is a great way for implementing branding strategies for your restaurant. Get to know how you can improve your restaurant's atmosphere and in what way it is better to choose and design your staff's uniforms.
The Main Chef's Specialties
Read the article and get to know the main specialties of being a chef. Find out the key tasks and duties of every chef. Discover whether it is easy to be a chef. 

Summary: In order to your restaurant be prosperous, you need to have manager who will manage restaurant staff and build successful teams.

Every team must have manager. Whether that person will be you or someone you will hire, manager needs to meet the particular qualities and skills so he or she can manage restaurant staff and get the best from them.

First, familiarize yourself with the basics of teamwork. People usually say that they accept team work but only few of them actually knows its function, principles and rules.Human relationships are the basis of a good team. Team work is more efficient than individual work, and the effects of team work are a lot greater than the sum of individual accomplishments. Therefore, manager need to create favorable condition for creative work and freedom of expression and action.
Team work in restaurant is specific 

These two types of working strategy are usually mixed up. Working in group is a good way of dividing work and increasing productivity. However, perspectives of team work are much bigger. Especially when we talk about work in a restaurant where the staff needs to know their duties, but at the same time to jump for help to their coworkers when it is necessary in order to restaurant business flowed as expected. This is possible only in well organized team.

It’s important to understand that working in a team is more difficult than working on your own. It requires changing of your actions and working methods according to the needs and demands of working tasks.
What is the difference between team work and group work?

Group work is work by employees who are fulfilling their set tasks. Group work rules are determined and must be followed. 

Team work  requires multiple disciplines to be involved. Although the pre-assigned tasks, changes on daily basis are alowed to achieve final common goal. In our case it is the best possible customer service.

manage-restaurant-staff-dream-team 
Who makes up a team?

Team is made up of individuals who renounce their wishes and actions in order to realize a commonly set goal. Understood like this, a team does not negate individuality but affirms its values. Individual values in a team can be identified and used in the best way for business.
Team work is - common solving of a complex problem involving several members of same or different specialties.
Is your restaurant team good or bad?

It is very important how your restaurant staff respond under stress, what they care about, what their sense of humor is like. This is very important and useful to know when you need to deal with an uncertain situation. Good team holds together when times get difficult.

In addition to knowing organizational principles, you must have a sixth sense to answer the question is your team good or bad.
Turnover is not always the best measure of a good teamwork

Good outcome does not guarantee good relationship between your restaurant workers. This often happen if you’re working so many hours with someone that you feel that you need a break from them when you are not at work.

Over time, interaction between waiters and bartenders becomes work-only, and the interpersonal connection is weaker. The longer they work successfully together, the more they can grow apart as friends. So be sure that you or your restaurant manager makes changes when scheduling working shifts. .
It’s important to recognize certain symptoms:

First symptom: discussing mistakes of others

It is not good when attention to the mistakes of colleagues increases, and personal mistakes get neglected. Therefore, one must stay away from those who needlessly interpret or judge other people’s actions. Such persons are most often not seen, but are most certainly felt. If this symptom occurs,  manager must investigate the causes.

It is important to keep in mind that lack of work also creates conditions for such behavior. If there’s no work, manager must invent it; even if some people dig holes and others fill them up again. This doesn’t have a productive business effect but it eliminates self preoccupation.

Second symptom: frequent absences

If students miss class for example, a teacher must pose a question why that is so.
Situation is similar in your restaurant or bar. Frequent absences from work are a sign of poor relationships among staff members. In this case, manager must also investigate causes. Perhaps the manager is the cause. He or she probably misses work a lot - so why shouldn’t others.

Third symptom: gossiping, joking and making fun of the manager, other staff members, social and political occurrences, etc.

staff managament gossip

Gossip and intrigue are dangerous and must be addressed.

In this case, informal communication channels with staff members must be established, with a goal to eliminate the causes of this symptom. Information is the key to elimination, since every gossip is a product of insufficient information.
A symptom that occurs often is horizontal and vertical mistrust. For the management, it is important to know that trust is not easily gained and is always tested. If a manager makes only one false move, such as making a promise but not delivering on it, employees’ trust is lost.

In order to avoid situations like this, a manager can use “management diplomacy,” i.e. when asked a question give general and vague answers such as “we’ll see,” “we’ll look into it,” “why not,” etc.
Could you manage restaurant staff to get the best from them?

Restaurant manager responsibilities  are huge and we know it is not easy. Here is the profile of a good manager in restaurant industry :
Restaurant managers need to manage restaurant staff, controlling the finance and providing the best customer services. Depending on level of responsibility and the grade of the people you are managing, you may need to plan  work at a detailed (daily/weekly) level.

The best managers started their careers in restaurant business as waiters, bartenders or hostesses . This kind of person know exactly where are the possible problems in a restaurant team.

manage restaurant staff
 Characteristics of good team manager:

• Must be a cultured person
This means that is good if your manager having a good taste, nice manners and education.

• Must respect every team member, and treat staff with respect
From dishwasher to owner. Everyone in the building is accountable and important. Your staff needs to know that your manager have no problem with cleaning a bathroom in order to make your guests' visit positive, and neither should they. Your manager philosophy should be that he/she wouldn't ask someone to do something that he/she won't do.
Good restaurant manager when see dirty table when passing by it will take a cloth and clean it.

• Must not be a careerist and take credit for team results
Or with other words, no one is going to work well and efficiently and especially not as a good hardworking member of the team if the boss – manager is a self-centered jerk who thinks only of his success and his earnings.

• Must not impose his/her will on the team,
Good manager never do what he want , he do what is the best for the team work and staff in it.

• When describing successes must use “WE,” and for failures “ME.”
This is very important because this approach learn your restaurant staff members to take a responsibility for every specific actions but in a same time emphasizes that the attitude to the team needs to be honest and loyal.

• Must reward his team
Rewarding is very important in restaurant business, your manager need to see even small positive changes in restaurant business . Everyone wants to work and to be in positive environment. Even if your staff only have that positive energy in work, reward them because positive attitude brings good spirit and finally increase profit.
This kind of manager mobilizes the team better than any incentive. The team feels that he/she is responsible for success.

In addition, if a manager is calm and patient, does not get caught in spirited discussions (which happen frequently in a team), and is a respected restaurateur, then this kind of manager is crucial for the team.

Factors that make restaurant team weak

Successful teams always find solutions to fix problems in a given time-frame. However, many things can happen that can weaken team spirit and reduce team’s efficiency, such as:

Restaurant staff not trusting their manager or restaurant manager not trusting restaurant staff.
Some believe that even good leaders are not to be trusted completely because no leader is flawless. Managers should certainly be reminded of this fact from time to time (not to mention politicians).

Being submissive to the restaurant manager  harms the team.
It is true that people often obey their leaders. If this happens in a team, it harms the team more than anything. Submission in general corrupts managers and destroys followers. When your staff is able to accept its chef on healthy bases, then such a manager must be able to tell whether the team accepts him/her and have a non-controlling attitude.

A team is weakened:

    when a manager is too controlling,
    when manager’s actions are based on defending personal interests,
    when it has too many members,
    when all members are not equal,
     when members care only about their own careers.

    With respects to all the elements that weaken team spirit that the manager must know, the most important task of a manager is to manage restaurant staff and create favorable conditions for creative work and freedom of expression and action.

    In today’s world, team work is studied in schools and universities. Solving strategic problems by a team in simulated in classes. Management techniques in the hospitality industry are also taught.

Factors that increasing team spirit

The performance and success of restaurant depends on many factors including the commitment of the people working together in their workplace. Team spirit is all about working together as one to make ways for success.

Sometimes is very difficult  to build team spirit in the workplace because every worker is always out to prove he is good at what he does or he is better than the other worker. Every man is unique and even if you have very good worker with perfect skills if he do not directs all knowledge into constructive channels to bring out the best results in the workplace, then his potential is worthless.

So how to increase team spirit?
Give ‘undemanding’ rules and principles

Be compassionate and considerate at the same time. Allow indulgence and independence among the team workers, be indulgent with them. This will make your staff to be free in working environment , and to try to do something new without fear of failure.This is very important for your team in the kitchen. Give them a chance to change some dish or to make a new one. Let them help you to make a new menu. Ask them for an opinion about food and working rules.
Encourage and Motivate your restaurant staff

Success is product of enthusiasm, motivation and encouragement among the staff in your restaurant. When workers are motivated to work as a team, they feel independent and becomes more productive at work.
Manager in a manner to increase team spirit need to motivate restaurant staff by recognizing and appreciating their efforts and encouraging their input to yield best results.

Motivation – admiration, encouragement and positive reception promote team spirit in the workplace.
Make a dinner or cocktail party just for your employees.

People are usually more stressed at workplace due to challenging tasks and responsibilities. This is also one of the main reason why team don't function well as should and work with reduced productivity.

If you want to strengthen team relationship the best way is to organize an outing for all your restaurant staff ( maybe for your birthday) which will help them to develop the power of fortitude among the team. This will help them to introduce them self in some different environment. Sports activities, barbecue or excursion in the nature are very welcome. It would help to establish relation with  working colleagues in another way.
This kind of gathering are very powerful, help the team workers to socialize, and realize the joy and thrill, which in turn will help to increase team spirit in the restaurant during shift. Create unique staff-bonding experiences.

Every year people around the world tip a billions of dollars in restaurants, and restaurant tipping do both of them, those that are frequent and those that will never visit certain restaurant again.

Giving tip during a visit in restaurant is something that falls into the habit, obligation or necessity? The answer to this question depends on many factors, some of them are the social status of the customer, their knowledge about behavior in the restaurant and satisfaction or dissatisfaction with received restaurant services.

A restaurant workers who during the shift gets more tip will certainly be the ones who put more effort and energy into their work and relationship with the guests. You as a restaurant owner or restaurant manager should recognize these workers and reward them because the customer is in a better position to observe the quality of service than you are. He pay his check for food, service and will gladly give his money and tip the server who makes him happy.Some of them will leave money on the table even they pay some percent of bill for tip in accordance with the new restaurant policy. But whether the money will affect that your waiter do even better job ? Yes it will! Regarding economists theories tipping exists because it is the most efficient way to incentivize restaurant workers. Check out this beautiful infographic about customers thoughts and facts about tipping in restaurants.

Quality Waiter – Art of good service
Restaurant Software

Summary: If you have high quality waiter you are on the best way to have good service in your restaurant or bar.
The key to earn good returns is not to focus on making money, you have to be focused on your customer. It is primary principle of service in the hospitality industry.
Focusing on the customer

Focusing on the customer is the key which will ensure you  to make the money you want at the end of your shift. You will probably sometimes get that feeling that you are doing endlessly without expected results.
But what you need to do is to dedicate to each guest and make him happy. You don t need to think about number of guests or how much it all together costs. Instead, focus primarily on the best way to make money, and that is to focus on the guests , that is your favor.
Set your goal in cash

Most waiters makes mistakes when they say: "Today I need to earn 100 dollars!" When you earn 70$ instead of 100$ for you it's still a failure. This way, you are constantly upset and stressed. The solution is to set a goal in a time interval of 15 days or a month. Because some days you will earn 150$ or 120$, and some days you will earn 50 $ Additional income will cover the difference in daily incomes.
Taking care of guests

The only thing that waiter could control is to provide good service to guests. Do not get discouraged or be disappointed when you see empty tables. The key is to take care of each table the maximum and wait for "good table" during your shift. This point of view will lead you to visible better earnings.
Approach to the guest

Define what kind of guests you have and what they expect from you as  waiter with experience. Please do not belong to one of two groups of annoying or robot waiters. The first group are those waiters which approach to guest is constrained and they are like robots with CD inside with repetitive welcome text. The second group are the waiters which walking from table to table and give guests more enthusiasm than guests receive it for their birthday. The language they use is full of adjectives like "incredible" or "specia"l. Do not be one of them!
Look for the signals from guests and try to see what kind of approach they expect from you and follow their wishes. Find a way to communicate with guests and build a relationship with them. Try to find the opportunity to start a conversation that is not related to food or drink, and leave the customer to decide whether to talk or not. The only way is to be honest, because the guests certainly smell insincerity. Customers appreciate this approach to serving and communication and unreservedly reward waiter which is not one of the robot waiters.
Discard the prepared scenario in communication with the guest

When a customer wants a recommendation, most restaurants have ready answers for the waiters which they should say to each table. Of course, a guest who comes next time will encounter the same recommendation spoken in the same way. The best way to make change and not repeat yourself is to change the order in which you mention these things. Make sure your answer follows the logic in order to pronounce.
This communication does not require more thinking, but it certainly requires from you to think about how you would not sound  as per scenario. This is the minimum that you need to do to get the opportunity to advance your work. Workers who do not have self-initiative to improve the way they work usually remain in the same place and will not be rewarded or promoted because of that. Please do not be a one of workers who do not think for themselves.
A fear of of reviews

Great number of waiters have a fear that they could say to guest something inadequate or beyond the capabilities of restaurant or waiters. Good sales do not mean doing things you do not want to do. No one really can not sell ice to Eskimos.
The power of sale includes a rejection to sale to customer that is neither personal nor unethical, and done with right reason. Waiter need to make this decision if it s possible that the customer gets a taste which has not wanted or unwanted service. The food and drink that manager demands to sale at the same time giving a financial boost each time waiter realized sales is double-edged sword. Doing business this way manager encourages waiters to watch guests as walking wallets, not as a guest.
When it's safe to sell these products ? And the answer is - when the customer accepts gladly order from you.
The aim is to distract guests from the order that you from your experience believe that the customer will not like. Each restaurant has in its offer food or drinks that are mediocre and it is possible that orders could disappointed your guests. Give him a choice, and then give them an offer which your manager prefers. This way, waiter does not force your guest with the promotion, and you achieve the maximum - guest which is happy with taste on waiters recommendation. This will ensure that your sales logical and unobtrusive, which leads to customer trust and returning customers.
Test- We will make one little test to make sure that you are doing it right.

If your friend  visit your  restaurant, what would be your recommendation?
- If you have guests and you recommend the same thing as you have recommended to your friend, then you know how to work and take care of the guests.
- Break the rules and recommend to your guests what  could enhances their meal.
Your experience with the recommendation has to be  based on what you have been tasted. You need to have personal opinion and knowledge. This is a higher service you provide, you are sharing knowledge and opinions emerged from the experience.
- You do not sell the ready sequences of food or drink, but recommend the sequence which is best and tastiest for you.
- Break the rules and tell to guests what improves their meal. Most guests will not object to this proposal, and you do not need to consider that you will offend someone with it. Offering these amendments will not offend guests until you follow the logical additions to the meal, rather than a continuous process that is offer for every guest.
-The key to this whole process is that you are doing things that are in customer interst, not your personal. Selling food or beverages that are not the best option for guests, will harm to the restaurant but also to you.
Never forget that the customer determine where to go and how much money they will spend and how much tip will leave. But your customer which have great meal is a happy customer. You can not offer superior meal and experience to every guest, but you can try. And if you try, your guests and wallet will notice the difference.
Do not be part of the problem

Working in shifts is part of a waiter's job. Different shifts often have different waiters, and with it a different shifts adventures. Is not the same to work in a shift with people who are frustrated and lazy as opposed to shift where all work together and share positive energy.

No one likes to work with a person who is stressful and barely manage to cover his region. No one likes to work with someone who does not give away a minimum in order to make guest happy and satisfied. If you are not one of the employees with whom others want to work and to be in a shift, then you're part of the problem.
Acts of your colleagues can not be control, but you can certainly keep track of your actions and suggest your positive example. When every employee on duty acting in the best interests of the team and the restaurant, then shift goes smoothly and imperceptibly.
The best way is to set an example and point out to your colleagues how to work and in what way. Soon, your colleagues will feel that your way is relaxed and beautiful and that is certainly the way which matching them too.
A few tips to show your colleagues and encourage them to have a nice relationship with your team in shift :
YES is an excellent answer

Respond with YES: Many waiters when they are asked for help instinctively look for an excuse. You do the opposite and tell them Yes. The easiest way to point your colleagues is that you offer help when you see that they need it. Today it is the case with them, and tomorrow maybe with you. Change the response of avoidance in response of help and soon you can be sure that you have already modify the relations in a positive way and your working mates will give you help in similar situations.
Share information and inventories

Share information with colleagues well as inventories that are running low. Please do not only look at yourself and grab as you are working alone . You are one team and one shift, so do behave like that..
Stay calm and relaxed

Do you known the feelin,  when the restaurant starts to fill with guests and stress level starts to rise? It is a time when you need to keep calm and ignore the panic which is increasingly stronger for your colleagues. Be good example that you are calm and do not be affected by panic. This will be positive  influence for others from your team in your shift. It s happened often that whole team drawn-into scare only because of the actions of the individual. Please do not be that person, but rather calm and relaxed. Your colleagues will follow your example.
Say something nice

The biggest skill you have as experienced waiter is  to talk to your colleagues  when you are preparing for a shift  and make them  feel better. One of the simplest ways is to say something nice for your colleagues new hairstyle or you colleague new T shirt. Be the person who will give a sense to your co-workers who added security in themselves and raise their moral.

Waiter / waitress job is really different than most jobs. Salaries are mostly small, and most of the income comes from the tip. Tips to get the best possible tip vary from customer to customer, and you never know how many guests will leave the tip until the guests really do not go. For waiters who like a bit more to count this is a big problem.
Top waiters give the same service level to every guest

Curiosity is a normal human trait. But to predict how much tips will customers leave is similar to the situation with a small child who turns and shakes gift box and trying to determine what's inside.
Serving nature is such that only at the end of your shift, you can know how much tips your guests have left. Also, planning "which tactics should I apply today" is not realistic, because every day is different, as well as guests.
The problem with counting money from tips during a shift is that there is no result that will go on your behalf. If you make less than you would like, you can become disillusioned and unmotivated to work. If you make more than you expected then you are going to work with less enthusiasm than with first guests and to serve guests differently at the end of the shift.

Quality waiterst give the same service level to each guest.
With this attitude they neutralize both , good and bad information, as well as situations. They know well that because their final salaries and services quality that they need to provide to guests , counting tips during their shift – is out of the question.
Pessimists frequently bring bad mood - Be positive 

Almost every restaurant or bar has a waiter or a member of the team who is a pessimist. When it is proved that they are wrong and that it is everything positive, they will find a reason to complain about things that are not okay. Even when they make a good money, they complain about taxes to pay. These are the people who look at the rainbow and complain about the rain that had just passed. Eternal pessimists.
Very strange, but such a people with such an attitude actually affect in their predictions. They predict that they will make less money than they should, and their attitude helps them to get this happen. With pessimists working  is not funy. No matter how much your pessimistic person is your good friend, from the very beginning of the shift, his attitude do not lead to anything good.

We're not talking about that only positive attitude will bring you what you want. A positive attitude will bring guests and fill your restaurant. Pessimistic attitude decreases value of the service and the number of satisfied guests. Your pessimistic workers would rather prove that they have right, rather than worked their work and improve service.

Most evenings you can not predict the fact if the restaurant will be full or empty. It is the nature of the restaurant business. Unrealistic optimism is also not a healthy attitude. The key in  hospitality industry as well as in any other business is to be realistic.
Organize themselves and choose how you will approach to customer and in which way. Whether you are serving a guest or a table with lots of guests - give them the best service.
In hospitality business all the predictions are wrong and every guest is  a new story.
Note: The facility where you work and your wallet can not afford pessimism.


Responsibilities of servers and managers
Restaurant Software

Summary: There are several types of serving systems in restaurants. The larger number of servers work in a serving area, the higher the quality of service will be. We would talk about responsibilities of servers and managers.

Work in restaurants is organized in such a way that a certain number of tables are grouped into what are called serving areas. One or more servers can work in an area.
One-server system

This system is applied in restaurants with a less complex service and less choices of food and drink on their menus.

Serving manager oversees the serving areas, each placed in charge of one server.

Manager - duties:

    before customers arrive, controls preparations,
     checks the appearance of servers,
    checks the knowledge of servers about daily specials and regular menu items,
    greets the customers as they enter and seats them in a particular serving area with the help of the server,
    asks customers what they thought about the food and drink offer, and about the staff,
    assists new servers and evaluates their capabilities and self-reliance,
    oversees the work of servers in the back and the front of the restaurant,
    manages the schedule, weekly and annual vacations, notifies about mistakes made and gives advice on how to correct them,
    organizes professional trainings,
    must be fair,
    pays particular attention to the staff and follows their work.


Server:

In a serving area, server fulfills all the duties alone and makes sure the customers are satisfied:

     finishes preparations,
    studies the menu and specials,
    seats the guests in his/her area, hands them the menu,
    takes their orders and charges them,
    brings food and drinks, clears the tables.

Two-server system- This is what do restaurant menagers do in two-server system

Manager: holds the same duties as in the one-server system.

Server in charge of an area - duties:

     must know the food and drink offer very well,
    must know the rules of serving, be skillful at selling, speak foreign languages,
    controls preparations,
    greets the guests, seats them, takes their order, hands them the bill,
    serves the customers with assistance of the back server,
    sees them off together with the back server,
     must be present in the serving area during the entire meal,
    trains the back server.


Back- server, duties:

I. performs necessary preparations, must know the inventory, the food and drink offer, the way they are served, the way tables are cleared and set.

With front of the house servers and back of the house cooks, effectively managing restaurant staff can be a difficult juggling act even at t
October 29, 2010

With front of the house servers and back of the house cooks, effectively managing restaurant staff can be a difficult juggling act even at the best of times. Yet in the hospitality business, the happiness and satisfaction of your employees translates directly into the satisfaction of your customers, and eventually the bottom line. SeriousEats talked with some of our favorite hospitality experts around the country on how to keep your staff motivated and your customers happy. Here's what they had to say:

 

It's All in the Delivery

Communicating with your staff is important, but how, when and where you offer criticism is just as important as what you say. Tony Maws, chef-proprieter of Craigie on Main in Cambridge, Mass. says compliments carry more impact if you dole them out right away. "[If I] catch people doing things right, I'll offer them immediate praise."

 

Criticisms, on the other hand, are more sensitive. A person is much more receptive to constructive criticism if they aren't already on the defensive. When Tony offers critiques, he'll make sure to "sandwich it between two compliments" to temper the blow and demonstrate that he's addressing the issue with a level head.

 

Some managers let the customers do the talking. At Maialino in New York, Nick Anderer makes sure to share positive feedback from customer comment cards at the end of every night out loud to his staff. He adds that an end-of-shift drink for the crew goes a long way to keeping up morale—"Who doesn't like a cold beer at the end of service?"

 

Lead by Example

Nick Kokonas, managing partner of Chicago's Alinea says that the only way to expect strong performance from your staff is to start with strong leadership. "Chef [Grant] Achatz and Joe Catterson, our General Manager are workaholics who always do the right thing instead of the easy thing." Their uncompromising eye to quality trickles down. "Everyone can see the example they set," and become better employees for it.

 

Chef Ken Oringer of Boston's Clio concurs. Strong leaders "remind them that they are part of an elite team [and] give them a sense of pride that they have a job that many people in the industry would covet."

 

Defining Goals

If there's one thing that everyone agrees on, it's that nobody can be expected to do their job properly if they aren't even sure what their job entails. Strictly defining all roles and expected growth from each position—manager down to bus-boy—is essential for smooth operations. At Porter House in New York, Chef Michael Lomonaco stresses the importance of "train[ing] staff to perform their jobs to meet [specific] expectations," adding that just as important is to acknowledge when these expectations are adequately met or exceeded.

 

At Alinea, Joe Catterson leads "a daily front of house staff meeting to go over the previous night and set expectations for the night ahead." They've been holding them every day since their opening in 2005. Getting feedback on reasonable goals from the staff is key to these meetings. "We seek input [from our staff] on how to make incremental improvements."

 

Role Reversal

Critiquing the performance of staff is a manager's job, but sometimes having the staff critique the restaurant and management is equally effective. At Maialino, the staff plays a game called "bottom three" in their weekly meeting. "We pick our three least favorite dishes on the menu and dissect what it is about them that we don't like," says Chef Anderer. "And you have to pick, even if you love them all!" he adds, saying that it's the best way to ensure that their menu is constantly changing and improving.

 

The front of the house employs a similar tactic, with each member required to list three things that could be improved with how service is run. Being brought into the managerial fold gives staff a sense of ownership of the restaurant, giving them reason to want to improve. "We each walk out of each of these meetings looking for a solution to either rectify or eliminate problems."

 

Unique Solutions

Sometimes the best inspiration is found outside the place of business. Tory Miller of L'Etoile in Madison, a restaurant focused on farm-to-table cuisine takes his staff, both front of the house and back on field trips to the farms that grow their food. "Connecting them directly to the amazing people that provide our food produces results that are undeniable," he says. Cooks and servers alike find new respect for the ingredients they are working with, which in turn results in better food and more enthusiastic service.

 
Clio General Manager Ian Louisignau recently adopted the policy of seating guests with wine lists and cocktail menus only, delaying the delivery of food menus until the customer is ready. "It gives us a great ability to control table times and how orders go into the kitchen," he explains. Everyone from the guests to the servers to the cooks feel more relaxed, and "those few extra minutes can really ease service during crunch times."

Dining Room Manager / Maitre D / Somelier, Responsibilities before service : Hire and train the Dining Room Staff, Supervises and coordinates activities of dining room staff, Checking the physical condition of the dining room before it opens, complete the "Mise en Place", Taking and Managing Reservations, Purchases and stores beverages (restaurant mgr) , Organise table and seat settings. If necessary re-arrange, Prepare the staff schedule and make sure enough service personnel will be on hand, Make sure the menus are in good condition, Turn on lights, heating or cooling units

Dining Room Manager / Maitre D / Somelier (p.31) Responsibilities during service : Welcome the guest, Seat the guest, Give the menu to the guest, Discuss menu specials, Take the F&B Order (Captain, Chef de Rang), Open and serve wine (somelier), Observe the job performances of service employees, Make sure the guest is satisfied and follow up guest complaints Detect dishonest servers and guests, Deal with unhappy or difficult guest in a discreet and appropriate manner, Provide special service (flambe), Check regularly the cleanness of the toilets, Maintain a pleasant atmosphere in the dining room, Prepare and present the guest bill / check(cashier), Take guest money / credit card (cashier, restaurant mgr)

Dining Room Manager / Maitre D / Somelier (p.31) Responsibilities after service : Turn off lights, heating or cooling units, Provide reports and statistics for management (sales per day, lunch, dinner, items, number of guests per day, lunch, dinner, average guest check)

Captain / Chef de Rang : The captain / Chef de Rang are responsible for a part of the restaurant. According to the type, size of the establishment, the restaurant's policy and the captain's ability, the captain may have some responsibilities that are usually reserved for the dining room manager / MaitreD, Control the "Mise en Place", Describe or suggest food with wine, Take the F&B Order, Open and serve wine (somelier), Bring the guest's Food Order to the Chef, Bring the guest's Beverage Order to the Bartender, Bring (and serve) Food & Beverages,

Food Servers (commis) : These employees serve food and beverage to guests, Clean the table and make the Mise en Place (busperson)

Buspersons : Clean the table, deserve, carry dirty dishes to the kitchen, Change the ashtray, Serve bred, Pour water, Buy stuff for the guest (cigarettes) Deliver Food, Make the Mise en Place (linen, tableware, candles), Clean the dining room (Vacuum, Polish, Take the dust)

Other Service Personnel
Cashier : reservation, prepare guest check, collect money, Public Bartender : Serve beverages directly to guest
Service Bartender : Serve beverages to Servers/Captain

Example of system from a small independent in operation since 1978 with an average of 15-20 year round employees:

Waitstaff put a percentage of sales (2%) with daily deposit in a pool which gets divided among all the line cooks and chefs according to hours worked each pay period. Dishwashers also bus tables and get a share of tips from waitstaff (10% of earned tips). Line cooks/chef knowing they will get a small bonus each payday,while dishwashers aren't , are willing to help with close/open chores such as dishes and mopping. They all work as a good team this way. This is all on a cash basis distributed by hours worked and is done by an assigned waitstaff member. Average on semi-monthly pay is $1 hr.added to pay, which is enough to buy extra treats; it never seems like enough for the hard work they put in, but they seem to appreciate the idea of being included. They also get a share of all our catering tips on a job basis; we are a seasonal business so this is a huge bonus in high season. It appears to work and be worth the extra efforts.

 The following is a letter from a reader who is in a quandary over how to compensate his kitchen staff, which is disgruntled over the inequity between the front and back of the house. He’d like to include them in the tip pool, but does not want to create any more problems or possible lawsuits. So, if you’ve got a good solution, please weigh in. Surely, there are more people than Mr. Dysinger who are faced with his problem. I’ll share the best responses in next month’s issue and online.

—Editor Michael Sanson
mike.sanson@penton.com

***
I have a problem at my breakfast/lunch cafe that perhaps readers have a solution for. Since the dawn of time, there has been a schism between the front and the back of the house. I understand that you can’t have one without the other. However, I have to sympathize with the kitchen staff. Life in the kitchen is actually harder work with longer hours and less pay. In our case, it’s a lot less pay.  

Don’t get me wrong. Our servers work very hard. But they make out pretty well. Understand that it’s not just a matter of paying our kitchen staff more. Labor costs are a function of sales and we fall right in line with industry standards. But it doesn’t take long for the kitchen staff to become aware of this colossal inequity in pay. It makes trouble. When a server position opens up, I get kitchen staff asking for it. But the kitchen staff is far less replaceable.  

So, my question is, how can we include the kitchen staff in the tip pool?  I know there has been a lot of scuttlebutt lately about the subject, including a few lawsuits. I know high-profile places like Charlie Trotter’s had their waitstaff on salary and any tips left over at the end of the year were distributed as bonuses—to the waitstaff only.

If we create a culture where every employee, whether it be a waiter, line cook or dishwasher, is vital to ultimate customer service, and all employees are paid a minimum livable wage or better, couldn’t we then pool the tips and distribute them to the entire staff? I know it sounds socialist. But consider the incentive for teamwork and pursuit of customer satisfaction. I would love to know how others handle this situation.

The servers, cooks, hosts, and bussers you hire are more than just employees…they’re the heart of your restaurant. Your staff can make or break your restaurant. If they’re happy and good at their jobs, they can attract customers and make your restaurant a place that diners want to come back to again and again. But if your employees are disgruntled and surly, your restaurant doesn’t have much of a chance to survive.

So how do you make sure your staff attracts customers instead of repels them? It all starts with making sure your staff members realize that they’re an important part of a successful team. When everyone on your staff works together, you have a much better shot at running a winning restaurant. Read on for some ideas on how you can make your staff members feel like they’re part of the team.
Make sure new employees feel at home.

Starting a new job can be rough…you don’t know anyone and you have a whole new workplace culture to fit into. You can help new employees feel much more comfortable by pairing them with senior employees. Be sure to introduce new employees to everyone who works at your restaurant and have an experienced employee take a new employee out to lunch so s/he can ask questions about your restaurant.
Write it down.

Do you have a comprehensive list of your policies and procedures, or are they just common knowledge among your current employees? It’s important to keep a written record, or else new employees will be completely lost. It’s hard to feel like part of the team when you don’t even know the rules!
Plan activities.

Let your staff get to know each other while they’re not working by planning an employee picnic, happy hour, or marathon. When employees get to know each other as people, they’re more likely to feel a connection.
Be open with your goals.

Let your employees know your plans for your restaurant and make sure they know how they can help. Emphasize how important it is that everyone works together to reach the restaurant’s goals.
Discourage competition.

Sure, a little friendly competition can be fun. But that doesn’t mean you want to start a culture of blaming and backstabbing. Encourage your employees to work together instead of fighting against each other.
Get feedback.

As often as you can, ask  your employees how they think things are going. Whether you do this in group meetings or one-on-one chats, it will let your employees know that you value their input.
Share positive news with your employees.

Did your restaurant just get a great review in the local newspaper? An awesome rating on Yelp? A call from a customer who was happy with his or her meal? Share these accomplishments with your staff. If they know their contributions are valued, they’ll feel more like they’re part of the team.

It’s important to realize that your employees aren’t just easily replaceable resources—they’re an essential part of your restaurant’s success. By making your staff feel like part of a team, you can create happier employees and a stronger business.

this is the place u want to consider to order food from at 3'o clock in night .
and they take a feedback survey on the phone too .
Munchbox is restaurant quality food delivered at your doorsteps.
which don't deliver after 11-12.
Awesome job guys.
Because there are places for improvement.
Came in handy a couple of days ago when we were starving at 2AM.
Home Delivery takes too much of time.
Order or take away at your own risk..the owners dont have the courtesy or so much know how to talk to customers...Real Sad!
The delivery took forty five minutes, which is what I was expecting since this place is new.
The delivery took forty five minutes, which is what I was expecting since this place is new.
Owners are very much welcoming.
They also make decent recommendations if you find yourself a tad confused with flavors and choices.
However the food and the service was below average.
