A small little restaurant in a pretty busy market place.
Well for a meat lover n a fan of mughal style of cooking with no fuss involved unlike a fine dine .
Well for a meat lover n a fan of mughal style of cooking with no fuss involved unlike a fine dine .
Ordered rolls from here.First they sent me the wrong order.Then the veg paneer roll had a chicken bone in it.Pathetic.My guests were pure vegetarian and were very upset about getting a chicken bone in their food.
i had visited the radisson branch when it was quite newly opened and also remember meeting cricketer mohd azharuddin .they have a fixed menu priced costs around 1100 with taxes per person for non veg menu and around 950 for vegetarian .
even though nandos remain quite occupied everytime i go , there is no doubt about the flaw less service these guys offer !
Adds up to the expectation with nice ambience , good people chilling around .
Being a fan of Nando ' s before it opened here , I deemed it essential to make a trip there at the soonest .
HOWEVER , the last time I visited ( a few weeks ago ) , I was very put off by the flies that were constantly buzzing around and sitting at our table .
Been there twice and it ' s a lovely experience .
The food and bev amount was Rs1400 .
I have since graduated to Bloody Mary and LIIT which are both well made at HRC .
I also went to HRC during their famous Burger Festival and tasted all the different burger offerings .
It happened , i was feeling mesmerized by having " Dahi ke Kabab " and of course they were much much better than my previous experience .
It held all the splendor of a time and I would definitely go back .
We had to wait a while to be seated , but we had fun just chatting and enjoying the overall energy of the placceI would definitely go back , it was a really fun
I have been a customer to them since their old days , when this joint was actually a dhaba across the nearby red light .
Unfortunately , the friend who introduced me to this place has turned vegetarian and so , I havent had the opportunity to go back .
I have been here twice.. And always had lunch buffet .
My 4th visit to this place was today .
Went with two of my friends as one of my friend told me this was nice restaurant and food was nice as well it ' s the name which is very old and famous .
I visited nandos many time when I went every time I feel goodNot comparable in taste ....Ambience niceService goodWanna to go againMust visit
Going earlier works best - the place usually has long queues and runs mostly full both times of the day / night .
My 3rd visit to Nandos , and I ' m saying , so what ' s all the fuss about !
I visited nandos in London for the first time and simply fell in love with the pita breads and some amazingly delicious chicken .
We have been long term loyal customers of Nandos from the UK and found it as good !
Went there for lunch after a long time and came out wondering why I dont go there more often .
- - - - - 21 Nov , 2013 - - - - - Have been a fan for almost 6 years now .
Have already made 4 visits so far and will continue doing so .
Nandos in Jo ' burg is a regular joint and they have beer as well .
The Bangalore outlet was at par .
Have been a fan for almost 6 years now .
I had visited Dhaba at The Claridges only once with my family and I just loved the food they offered though found it damn expensive being a student .
I had gone to this place 3 - 4 times .
Second visit here , excellent foot specially the clay oven pizzas are too good , terrace sitting is the best and well done , menu is pretty big and good have something for very taste bud , service staff can be improved , overall experience has been grat
This is my favourite restaurant .
My favourite place for Mughlai food .
These are my thoughts before I enter Bukhara everytime .
I have had food here more than a dozen times .
Wasn ' t sure to add a review for this place as I hardly know anyone who hasn ' t been here and Iv been here countless timesThe Bukhara daal still has the same taste over 20 + years .
The one thing that brings me to this place again and again is the Pad Thai they serve.it is one of the best you can find in delhi .
I have had many gratifying meals from Al Kauser over the past few years but only once took a table outside to sit and eat ; which is only doable during one of the winter months .
I am very frequent visitor of striker ' s. This one is situated in VK , Delhi.
One of my favourite places .
Geoffrey ' s has always been my favorite place to dine at .
We come here very often .
have been there twice... gr8 food .
I had come down here a few days back and I really loved it .
To be honest I had high expectations from Nandos after having Nandos in other parts of world .
Nando ' s serves probably one of the best chicken preparations in Delhi NCR .
This is the place to be .
Had tried their peri peri chicken for the first time way back in 2010 in Canada and was all in tears from the spicey marinate .
Made it a point to have nando ' s on every subsequent visit .
Ambience is great .
People line up to get a chance to taste the food which is worth the wait .
Whenever i am in CP and I am craving for authentic south Indian goodies - hotel saravana bhavan is my top favorite .
I tried dosa on one occasion and a mini thali in another .
On my visit to cp today with friends I was craving south indian , and this place struch in my head as my parents use to take me over there when I was in school , I remembered this place for its dosas and other south indian dishes , the taste was still the same , the costing is extreamly pocket friendly and the potion size is filling , will love to go again in future .
Been here twice...n both of the times , heavy waiting.. so that in itself kind of describes the awesomeness of this place .
Service was bit laggy this time .
Service was bit laggy this time .
Been there many times with ma uncle and again I go back for more !
I usually stick to eating Kebabs , Dal and Roti ' s whenever I visit .
______________Updates : i went back again for a bite .
Once it was a favourite place for our group .
This place has awesome taste of non veg dishes like butter chicken and tawa chicken , i have tried these in their restaurant moon shadow .
We were here on of our early dates in delhi and had a superb experience !
Have been visiting KCF long time now .
Have been there around 20 times and never been dissapionted .
I almost always eat only dim - sum when we dine here and have tried most of the menu .
So I have been to yauatcha many times but I decided to review it today .
Having been a regular there since its inception , I try out at least one new dish each time I dine there , and have still not managed to try everything thanks to its vast menu .
Been here a few times already and this place has never been a let down .
I ' ve been to this place about 6 - 7 times and have enjoyed the experience everytime .
Love the Sunday brunch here !
I have been a regular customer of this fusion , Mediterranean ( claimed ) .
This is the second time i visited Crackling Mustard and like always i was not at all disappointed .
I had a good experience in their Zoo Road branch , so decided to have a go at this .
They have one more unit at Zoo Tiniali and I have tried couple of times there and food has always been awesome there .
Had been there a couple weeks .
.. late night visits with cousins have only and only been hereIts a classy place where you will love the silence.. the ambience , crowd even at any hour of the day .
Had been one of our favorite haunts for the last decade or so .
I have been here twice .. once with my girlfriends ..birthday celebrations and the second time when we had to bid farewell to one of our collegues.. this place served us right on both the occassions .
I always make it a point that I visit Hot Millions when ever I visit the city beautiful Chandigarh.. .
A big fan of this place from a very long timeThe food they offer has a unique taste which hasn ' t changed in decades .
Plus , I LLOOOOVVEE Starbucks to the core .
I can have it anytime anyday !
Over an amazing cup of Starbucks coffee , me and my friends have the best memories which would be surely cherished during our lives .
Have been here several times , keep coming back for their deserts and u limited whiskey sour menu .
Awesome food and quantity is also good but a bit expensive but it is once in a while place .
They keep experimenting with a few bakery products every now and then and I have found it to turn out good most of the times .
I have had the Indian main course 2 - 3 times and the taste was top notch each time .
I havent had any lunch or dinner at this place , but the breakfasts i had were fabulous .
I did have some late night eats and the waiter remembered my order from last visits .
Little italy happens to be one of my all time favourite italian restaurants .
Had been to the restaurant a couple of times and tried both a la carte as well as buffet and i can say every penny is worth it .
Great place - great ambiance - I love this place .
My family is huge fan of this restaurant nd we manage to dine here atleast twice a month !
.Been visiting pandara road since i was a kid.. ?
Visited this place couple of times I feel awesome when ever visited this because of the ambience provided.and i love the food mostly liked is chicken kheema .
Been here twice .
Once for lunch and once for dinner .
I love this place everytime in a new way I visit here .
Stared visiting for lunch recently and gone there for 4 or 5 times .
I have been a regular customer of this place since 2001 .
Have been to this place many times .
Have been to this place many times .
One of my most visited hunger point .
This place has been my hangout for a long long time .
Have been to this place twice .
The first time was new year ' s eve , and the second on a Karaoke night ( Wednesdays ) .
Have been to Atmosphere 6 a couple of times with family and friends .
Been here loads and loads of times .
Had been here twice with colleagues .
Been here thrice and tried a variety of their pastas..
Food is good as always .
I have been to tao last time for a party .
it has been my pet family resturant for around 10 years .
Hot Millions has been a favourite ever since we were in School .
The place holds a special place in the hearts and minds of all those who have been visiting this place ever since the 90 ' s.Over the years , business seems to have dwindled here , mainly due to lack of innovation and the restaurant explosion that Chandigarh has witnessed , but even today , this place is one of the finest places for good old Indian style American flavored Fast Food .
Ooo Nostalgic : ) It ' s been one of the places I have been hanging out to eat since childhood .
Been here with Friends 1.5 yr back .
Eversince this place opened up , I ' ve never turned to anyone else for birthday cakes .
I have been here many times and every time it has been a GOOD experience .
I remember the first time I visited here for dinner with my boyfriend and we were full to our heads !
Childhood fav , I think every person in delhi must have gone to this restaurant atleast once , went here after ages , and still the food was same just delicious !
Some of tye servers were also the same when I saw them ages back when I was a kid and use to come with my mom dad , will love to go back tyere again and again and again
I went to GULATI after many years and have to say that they have maintained their taste and quality and portions which quite good .
I have dined at this place with family and friends multiple times and have tried various dishes , and never got disappointed with the quality ever .
Went with my uncle who has been regular visitor since 30 years .
He said he has never been disappointed here , and my uncle has travelled extensively all over the world .
..a den for late night family outings since our childhood .
I have been here before with some colleagues .
Have been to this place a couple of times .
My home away from home !
I ' ll never visit Gurgaon without spending as many evenings as possible here .
ted Batman services comes to my rescue every now and then .
After a couple of times i just decided to go hungry .
Batman services comes to my rescue every now and then .
& gt ; & gt ; Review : Batman is one of my preferred choices in case I wants to have food in midnight .
Had visited several times and experience is foodilecious visit by visit .
I have been there for few times and it never gave me any complains .
Have been going to Rajinder Da DHABA for about 12 years now and I haven ' t seen a place with so much rush of customers .
In the curry section : the butter chicken is different from the others with a bit thin gravy which I like once in a while .
I am yet to visit this place , however I have been ordering pizzas for quite sometime .
I have been a regular at big yellow door , satya niketan and today i went there for dinner and ordered veg white sauce pasta , green apple mojito , baked nachos and veggie pizza .
However , this never happened during my innumerable visits to BYD before .
Music is good I ' d say , probably depends on individual choice because I have been here twice and have had two different experiences .
Had been there quite a few times .
This was my third visit to Koyla and after a long time .
Last time I was here I was mad over the food here .
Been there twice and must say it has been worth the visit .
The pork slider is a chef special and our standard order !
and its not hard to see why it is one of my favorite restaurants in Bangalore !
i have trouble deciding what to eat and more importantly , what to forego , every single time i go there !
i had done party ' s many time ' s in TL and that was good experience !
After having visited the restaurant at least 7 - 8 times ( coz friends dragged me ) and after having tried so many different dishes I can say with confidence that the food overall is simply not impressive by any standard !
And my adda these days .
It was a bad experience with replay as always .
..it was my last visit to replay.... On Saturday Sunday....with dinner disc is complimentary ...but as usual after having dinner .... We ask...can we join disc...the manager .
Food : Have been here numerous times for just one thing and one thing only - The Jerk Chicken .
Parking is a major headache during weekends .
One of the best sweet shops in town .
Though I have always had chance to go for snacks and drinks I liked whatever they served .
It has always been a good hang out place where we can go without a second thought .
It was our 7th / 8th visit .
been here two times till date , just because of the ambience and not food.1 ) Great ambience , the theme is about a Rajasthani / Gujarati village and their attire and serving style goes well with theme.2 ) people with kid and want to hangout with friends and family to have fun with dinner / lunch , this is good place3 ) place offers puppet show , Dandia , garbha , tatto , musical chair and at the kind of dj round .
been to this place ......
i have been quite a few times to this place .
been here twice in one day after i got my first salary .
i've tasted only the non vegetarian ones and i believe they are far far better than their competitors ..
try the butterfly chicken ...
been to this place many times and get good response from the people there ...
this is my second visit to delhi's most famous restaurant Gulati and trust me its awesome in all respects .
we often order from Gulati for home delivery ...
would be back to hrc
