Always my choice to catch up with old friends, boogieing to their YMCA dance is an added attraction!
Other than that the staff was polite but were not able suggest anything from the menu .
I suppose it ' s more of a touristy destination since right when we sat down the waiter asked where we were from.
The waiter had initially served me a veg burger but before I could take a bite she realized the mistake and brought the correct one .
I wonder what would have happened if a vegetarian was served a chicken burger .
Twice , I was asked if I liked the food .
It looks they are in real hurry and serves dishes so fast as if you have to vacate the seat for more guests .
One the other hand they take lot of time to serve liquor .
Moreover , veg snacks were not at all served to the ones who opted for Non - veg.and when we asked to repeat a starter , they said its finished !
The serve fantastic food and if you haven ' t eaten here yet then you are really missing out .
Bonus : they keep all their food in those nice food trays with tea light underneath to keep everything warm .
That ' s a nice touch .
.Dhananjay is brilliant !
I saw our waiter 3 times : 5 minutes after we were seated to take our drink order , 10 minutes later to take our dinner order , and 10 minutes after we finished eating and started staring at the ceiling .
... tried to catch up for dinner... and waiting line just put me off !
Snails crawl faster.2.
A requested and confirmed dish was overlooked and not served ( not charged too ) .
Shows little attention towards the guests .
Order was served quickly as usual .
Be prepared for long queues on weekends .
You can always expect to get good food in a short waiting time .
..15 minutes to bring the menu card .
.. once I ordered... a Beer - corona... it takes another 9mins for them to bring it that too without the lemon wedge which I believe every restaurant in India offers .
.. another 5 mins to bring the lemon... which is now bigger than what can fit into the bottle .
I went there on a busy Saturday evening when the waiters and managers are quite busy shuffling dishes from table to table .
The staff and service could be better in terms of ambient noise.
So we had to wait longer for it .
.Even we asked for a chicken veloute soup which was again not available..
Reach before 1 pm to avoid queues at lunch time .
Sitting arrangement and service is really goood .
.. PDA application & amp ; bluetooth printer for taking orders .
Your plates full of goodness reach your table in a matter of few minutes .
He didnt have a smile on his face also..the place didnt attract me at all .
I was disappointed with the visit.first we were seated at a table which was not cleaned post the last visit , after repeated requests the table was cleaned.we were served the menu but no water .
And lastly shawarma was cud have presented well instead of placing roll cut into two and placed in empty plate .
And .wrost serving .
The royal plates and cutleries add to the fare .
Morever , the cutlery they use will make you feel royal .
I don ' t recall about the promptness of delivery , so that ' s a blind spot I will cover the next time .
Non intrusive yet very very alert .
On entering we were given the menu about five minutes later that too on asking for it .
Ambience And Service ~ Ambience And Service Is Pretty Good And Fast .
Do make a booking in advance .
We nearly waited for 10 mins between food as it is a buffet served on the table did not understand the concept .
A whiskey sour I ordered took 25 minutes .
The bar tenders were very slow and slightly clumsy.
The delivery took a long time even though my place was very near to the restaurant .
Staffs are polite and courteous .
Very helpful .
It has a very slow processing at the counter .
If we sit simply waiting for them to refill means they will come late ...
By far the worst place I had been too , the wait time for this place is ridiculous .
They did not change the place Matt and no forks , spoon were at the table .
The handle of the kebab skewers were totally filthy every time I when I kept turning the skewers black grease were stuck on my hand .
Oh yes the buffet , I was baffled people kept putting different spoons different dishes cause no other spoons were provided .
....however one thing the authorities should look into is the non functioning escalator thats reqd to be rode to reach the restaurant.....a trouble for the aged....hope dat gets sorted quickly .
Waiters friendly gesture an add on .
It was weekend and rush hour , yet we were seated in minutes .
The person we was taking our table was friendly and introduced us to the BBQ brunch .
My hunger went off as I waited for the ordered food .
Finally after a great deal of determination and daunting table reservation system on weekends of this not so professionally managed Restaurant , we got ourself a table .
Valet Parking always available .
They make you feel very comfortable .
However , once we ordered a dish by the menu but it was not upto the mark so we sent it back to the kitchen .
Flip side : the restaurant turn into a club on week ends , the two bar counter are always crowded so getting a drink is kind of tough .
The thing that really struck me about this place was that the housekeeping was on its toes throughout the evening .
Because of the full cover entry , there were a lot of people getting drunk and a few glasses being broken but the housekeeping ensured noone got hurt and the place was cleaned immediately .
The tables were cleared regularly .
And the serving boys were also very helpful in choosing from this variety of foods .
For lunch we were given a place in the rooftop as place was not available inside .
Before we could even say anything damage control was already in action .
I ' ve rated it 4.5 only because they take a little long to serve .
So crowded + hungry..
When we reached the place - Mr Tejraj at the booking desk was very abrupt in his conversation and told us that they have already received bookings a couple of days back and all tables are full - when we tried explaining that we were communicated differently on the phone abt bookings , his attitude was very callous and without explaining there was a goof up on communication on his side , told us that there are no tables available .
The owner of the restaurant was present there a very kind and humble man .
The server was finding it difficult to serve us the khaosuey he dropped a little in my cooler and my clothes .
Fabulous restaurant , exquisite food and flavours , impecable service .
.. 4 of us in d sitting area and we had 10 people to serve and just stand around .
It took our complaining to get the waiters to run around the room with that electric fly swatter while we sat there covering the food .
.but there was zero attendance towards us .
Next , the food came in batches and we were made to wait a long time before the next order arrived .
But what ' s unexpected in a city like Chennai is that the ambience is brilliant and the staff is very motivated and witty .
The waiter kept asking us to leave cause they required more tables , even when we kept ordering drinks...by the end it pissed us off so we just left n decided to go to the hidden place in kp .
Well Managed .
Excellent food and service .
This restaurant really treats your taste buds right .
They should just stand within earshot of diners and let them enjoy their privacy .
Valet is always available so parking is hassle free .
On reaching the place , they start taking good care of you , the seats were well reserved .
But as soon as we informed them , they brought him another dish .
Dennis especially , was very helpful and cordial .
I ' ll start with the bad bit - their high handedness .
On your entry you ' re courteously taken to your booked table .
.
One of the best restaurant in delhi , Nice ambience , good taste and best dal makhani in the city .
It ' s the first Starbucks outlet that opened in Delhi .
Sitting here right now & amp ; must say the management is extremely screwed up !
To begin with , we weren ' t offered a menu for good 20 mins till I finally asked for it .
Though I was really excited to be here since the place really looked uber cool , and mind it really is very cool , the staff was a lil bit of a disappointing .
However the food and service majorly disappoint as not only is it not authentic to the cuisine ( s ) it offers , it lacks in taste as well , as every dish has some ingredient that overpowers the rest .
The turn around was great and enjoyed the food .
I threw in dustbin and I complained but no reply .
they are fast they are genuine and they serve delicious .
The attendant at the other end was patient , courteous and also helpful as we were trying to finalize the order on call itself .
they are fast they are genuine and they serve delicious .
They adhere to the timings and dont delay at any cost .
Though the services were slow then compared to other Pizza Houses , but it ' s worth a wait !
I booked place on phone but still it took 30 mins to get .
Every order took 45 mins .
The bartender makes the cocktails with an amazing flourish .
... and worth more to trySERVICE was quite good too .
..said no .
Wait for sometime...very rudely...I was happieee wid food butt...not at all happieee with that guy behaviour....and plz if you are going for a disc party .
..and went .
...and my car was about to .
.. Bang bang..but we all shouted ...uffff bachh gaye...so park yourself if you luv your car : ( : ( 2 rating is only for the good food .
Could be a lot more attentive .
Parking is a major headache during weekends .
Parking is a major headache during weekends .
If you ' re going to buy a 1Kg of sweets won ' t take you more than 5mins .
nd services are really good but you should go at least 3 hrs before closing because one would love to spend time a lot there ...
and say you have no idea what the menu means the waiters are always willing to help .
amazing Hospitality ....
then final a senior steward came and helped us .
place is always crowded on weekends , so plan accordingly .
food is ok , service cud b bettr n d music cud definitely b much bettr
we got no response when we requested to join the adjacent table .
of reminder finally 30 minutes later we received pulav .
food was below average and have to wait for the rotis's , Water even not served on time .
but i wish the tables were cleaner .
having said that one thing which i would highly recommend on there menu is the mutton berry Pulao .....
poor service ..
servers need to be more polite ..
staffs were not good .
greeted by a very friendly staff and seated swiftly .
but service and croed management was fine. ..
that they care about their customers !
very bad service .
everything is class and even waiters are very generous and will tell you wats the best available in the house .
as with all other joints in this location - no alcohol is served - you got to get a high from the awesome food quality .
the service is prompt and good .
& amp ; finally the hospitality and sometimes the customised dishes by chef based on our choice ...
the ambience was good so are the staffs , they were really friendly and welcoming , never experienced such generous behaviour in any other restaurant ..
even chef would visit you and ask if any alteration is needed on the food .
mr raj singh was best at his hospitality nature .
thanks for the hospitality .
the fact that it is a non air conditionedand has no music is a bit of a turn off for me .
though - sometimes the servers dont understand the order properly ..
they need proper training ..
the service was exceptional with attentive staff and ever - smiling ...............................
and one thing , they never say like other far home delivery places about any minimum home delivery amount of 1000 like other joints ask like nazeer foods in malviya nagar and gulati in pandara road ..
best part is it delivers till 3
coming to the service , yes it was up to the class ...
the service can be a bit slow
hospitality was very good ....
staff was quick and responsive ...
staff is also very good ...
service is nice , polite and courteous .
staff is good ..
the service is superb .
the waiters are helpful and very quick , regardless of whether the place is bursting with people or not .
:4 / 5Cleaniness
mock tails wasn't good at all .
the service has not exceptional and the menu is pretty standard for a Punjabi / Mughlai restaurant .
and another half an hour for the order to come ..
but lousy service ......
u got to pull up those guys to make them get cracking
but the hospitality and service is poor .
but the cold hospitality hampers the feel .
waiters are courteous enough to make you feel special if you are there on a special occassion .
we were warmly welcomed and guided well to the outdoor of the lounge .
the service was very good and all staff are funny & amp ; cool ( out of the box ) special thanks to jai nayak .
the waitress who attended to us was extremely pushy and doing a hard sell .
her objective was for us to buy bottles and not glasses of any drinks that we enquired about .
servings are quite small with the Momos just 4 bite size ones per serving .
we repeatedly asked the waiters to tone down the volume
but to no avail .
when parting ways the manager asked for feedback and this was immediately conveyed to him .
he defended it by saying that patrons like loud music .
i gently reminded him that this is a fine dining facility , not a discotheque .
doubt if it registered .
i saw the chef staring at me from far end with bated breath ..
the Chef smiled at me and went by .
the staff
they come to your table introduce themselves get to know a bit about you and guide you with your food choices accordingly .
if they think you are being to too risky with your taste buds they will hint appropriately .
i think they are doing a great job .
they Dont want to be getting bad reviews because the food wasn't to a Customers taste .
the staff is decent .
:3 / 5service
:5 / 5Service
the staff are extremely polite and attentive , makes for a great dining experience .
they had valet parking service .
their service is quick , friendly and caring .
service was good enough .
the service was good and staff cooperative .
service also needs to be improved .
had asked for chapatti at start of main course
but it was about to be served during dessert time .
first of all i was really happy with the service , even
such professional prompt and friendly service is usually the exception rather than the rule in new restaurants .
presentation is great .
service prompt .
but the service is shockingly slow .
horrible service they do not serve food they just keep the dish on the table .
also , the service is good .
the staff is nice ..
and really attends you well ....
takes too long to take orders .
worst service ...
lack of co ordination and ignorance to customers
only issue is that staff saying " mojeetos " when it should be " moheetos " .
good service .
delivery time is good , people offering service are quite helpful when you it comes to helping you out with your orders if you're new and they are good at handling home deliveries .
and since we happened there around 2 in the afternoon so wasn't crowded too .
infact one of the guys even offered to plug my phone to the speakers so that we could have it loud .
such nice people can only happen on a bar .
got hair on the dish twice
but guess what , we were informed by a waitress with very limited communication skills that the chefs have run away ( or something ) & amp ; so , non of that stuff is available , even worse , even dishes on the regular menu are not available .
the welcoming attitude of the staff was good .
however , both the waiter and my friend suggested some good items from the menu .
:3.5 / 5service
the food took almost one hour to come to the tables .
finally , after an hour , i tasted the burrito .
but based on the main course , i would say it is worth visiting once .
its snugly located in ra Puram and looks very cozy .
its snugly located in ra Puram and looks very cozy .
quaint yellow walls , green windows and a splash of colour on the seats .
we were welcomed and seated .
it took them 45 mins to serve tomato soup .
very slow service while serving
something which i don't like here is the service which i get here .
you will be Ignored if you ask for extra sauce or Raitha or even water .
though they could make do with better service and ambiance .
one of the best pizzas i have ever hadbut let me start with the negatives first ; - ) i went with a friend and had to wait for 40 minutes before we got tired and left for dominoes !
even deliveries take an hour .
i always have them delivered at my home and the service is always prompt .
i got a call from the ceo last night , apologizing for the human error .
and today , he personally visited me to apologize .
i am really glad that the management acknowledge their mistake and the zeal and passion he showed towards food and hospitality .
chipped ceramic bowls ....
the service Is also quite good .
pathetic Service .
and be on time .
long waiting usually .
as the place is never empty your order will take time to reach your table and trust me it is worth waiting because when it comes to pizza's they are beyond words .
and all dis after waiting half n hour outside d restro ..
and not to mention bad service ..
the female attendant had some class and was very humble .
excellent service .
the service is over the counter exchange , so not much to write about that
the service is quick and the best thing is you get your drinks too .
service is quick ..
but the quality of language communication was slightly not upto the mark .
customer service is very good .
the service we recieved both the times had been a bit different ..
contrasting to be precise .
when you enter the place , a staff member will lead you to your seat .
but then when we were waiting for someone to take our order , and then the order to be delivered , it took like forever before the wait came to an end .
the second time had been a pleasant experience
the staff seems to be courteous except for one ...
the staff is very friendly , the ambience is good and the food tastes great .
good delivery timing and and Pizza Hut standard maintained
service is tremendous and ambience is wonderful and is very spacious .
tangy & amp ; minty and totally refreshing .
a special shout - out here for the lovely staff .
top - notch .
they will serve biryani in a paper plate .
even if someone does not feel comfortable to sit and eat there , they can always parcel it !
always preferrable for take - away rather to dine in .
and i dont know the name of the server ,
a must visit place fr every biriyani lovers
this is not a typical place for sit down meal .
and above all i like there attitude , since the establishment of the hotel , they remains the same in structure , it means that if some one wanna taste a authentic biriyani in suburbs , come here , and if some one is thinking about there roadside like stall and standards , what to do ??
i always try and bring it whenever i am coming down through the kalyani expressway .
