even though nandos remain quite occupied everytime i go , there is no doubt about the flaw less service these guys offer !
the succulent chicken in store is always a delight to have !
We ordered the Peri peri chicken and chicken breast fillet wrap along with rosa fresca .
Other than that the staff was polite but were not able suggest anything from the menu .
I am rating it a 3.5 because of the very average experience we had .
I would recommend a chicken butterfly for a lone meat - eater , but a chicken platter if you have someone to share with - - the Piri - piri is very very good .
best possible chicken preparations...at least not like boiled chicken pieces in some shady gravy which is the so called trend here .
I have since graduated to Bloody Mary and LIIT which are both well made at HRC .
The Burgers , especially the Chicken Burger is Huge and yummy .
I wasn ' t disappointed and felt that most of these burgers can be a part of the regular menu .
If you like chicken , And only one place you could go in Delhi for Dinner , With friends , or with someone new to the city , or even aloneThis is it .
I ordered a chicken burger called ' 12 ' .
The funky decor and THE PERI PERI chicken makes it a must visit .
The non veg platter offers melt - in - mouth galauti kebabs , fish and my favourite mutton burra to name a few .
Amritsari fish : I found it to be too average .
Laas maas for me is characterised by the flavour of coriander powder and typical rajasthani chillies with an underline signature of garlic and cloves .
Garlic naan : Was just average and no big shakes about it .
Average desserts .
the chicken tikka tandoori will blow you away .
.as we like less spicy food !
Magaj Masala - Chicken baked with green herbs , topped with poppy seeds .
Plain simple food .
I ordered the chicken tikka , a lassi , and some naan .
A must visit if you like chicken
As they say , chicken is well marinated.... well .
... Guys ill be visiting again and again and again !
We had 1 / 4 the chicken in mild peri peri sauce and the moroccan burger with fillet .
Order was served quickly as usual .
Also tried the chicken strips on rice , decent flavor .
The chicken is their signature dish , and is always very consistent inflavour n taste .
Go for butterfly chicken , you can grab a citrus bliss too for drink .
They have ample staff and the order also does ' nt make you wait long .
Amazing chicken !
Peri peri chicken yum !
Wat a chicken...!!!
The peri peri chicken is the best chicken tasted by mee mixed with secret sauces which makes you go .
Food is really nice specially Dark Rum chicken , Chicken Saffron , Paella ( Spanish Dish ) , Chicken steak etc .
Advantages of the place : - Place is cozy .
We had the Asian sampler and a few Thai inspired curries .
We ordered chicken tikka , dal bukhara and chicken khurchan .
We ended up ordering the Daal , tandoori shimla mirch , naan , Kiwi mojito and cold drinks .
Not so expensive .
While the non - vegetarians were all praise for the food , other vegetarians and I found the preparation average ; portions were generous .
The Hunan Chicken was also tasty .
when it comes to mughlai cuisine , this place can seriously give Karim ' s a run for its money .
The Kebabs seem to have a slight tangy taste , which may be because of the Jamphal... ( which is one of the ingredients that goes in the mix ) .
They have everything fresh , everything seems like a mini gourmet version of the old bakeries they have strewn around the city , some of those are quite disappointing .
Eg : Rainbow Cake , chocolThere are however few options for people who prefer eggless food .
So i ordered a large chicken burger an my friend ordered nachos .
I ' d say , if you had to take your office colleagues or your ' serious ' uncle along , I would recommend this place .
The moment you enter you can actually smell the Peri Peri chicken flavors .
Their peri - peri chicken is fabulous .
The flesh is tender and juicy , and the marinated flavours really get soaked in the chicken to the bone .
Taste - Chicken 4.0 .
The signature piri piri chicken and drink is the USP .
one of finest chicken I ' ve ever had , pocket friendly too .
Had tried their peri peri chicken for the first time way back in 2010 in Canada and was all in tears from the spicey marinate .
They have kept their marinate as it actually is in the other parts of the world .
Fresh and tasty chicken .
They have a new dish ; called Esparada ( chicken tikka ) !
But once you enter the place , you will find it every bit of your money spent , just for the ambience .
We ordered some smoothies and crisp corn and chilly chicken and they were good .
Kentucky fried chicken : a haven for any chicken lover .
Take my advice ; visit the place once in a month so that you don ' t get bored .
Taste is above average .
Every one should visit this outlet at least once !
One reason being that they usually have a long line of people waiting outside .
Chutneys - 3 types of chutneys to suit your pallette : Coconut chutney , tomato andonion chutney and green chutney .
Jisne butter chicken ni khaya toh usne wha ka asli zayka chakha hi ni .
Chicken varieties and t masala used to prepare iit !
Seeing the high rating like 4.4 on zomato , I and my fried went to this place with very high expectations .
This place in salt lake city centre was unknown to me a few years back but friends of mine suggested it to be quite something .
The chicken was soft and tender .
The small well stocked bar might just add everything to your evening out with office folk .
In fact , I ' d recommend the butter naan with a chicken side dish .
Tried the chicken lababdar..very creamy and medium spicy gravy which contained shredded pieces of succulent chicken .
This place has awesome taste of non veg dishes like butter chicken and tawa chicken , i have tried these in their restaurant moon shadow .
we ordered chilly paneer , finger chips and peanut masala and all three of dem stood the test .
...the green curd chutney as chakna is a delight....!
Team it with chicken chaap or mutton kossa , if you want the juices flowing .
The shorbas are a treat .
I don ' t recall about the promptness of delivery , so that ' s a blind spot I will cover the next time .
The place is extremely well organized and decorated with green plantation .
After passing through a cool entrance , you are greeted with an extremely casual dining / luncheon area .
A waiter will always be checking on you and they will not let you sit idle for a long time .
A quaint little place just adjacent to lodhi gardens .
The perfect accompaniment with the krusher would be chicken shotz or chicken popcorn
I always make it a point to have their kfc rice meal which is served with juicy chicken and sumptuous gravy .
So we had the butter chicken for one half and the barbecue chicken for the other half .
Joey ' s pizzas are one of the cheesiest and gooey - est pizzas of all time !
So for those who don ' t like the dry remnants of pizzas ( who does ?
Sad that they have stopped thier Almond prawns .
Whether in terms of taste , quality or presentation , Yauatcha has never let me down .
Maintaining consistency is no easy task and they have mastered its art .
My regular favourites are : Crispy Duck Roll , Crispy Prawn Cheung Fun , Shiitake mushroom dumplings , Turnip Cakes , Poached Chicken and Prawn dumplings , Sticky Rice , Ma po Tofu , Mushroom cheung fun , Chicken Shui Mai , Char Siu bun , Baked Chicken puff and the list is endless !
Been here a few times already and this place has never been a let down .
However from the few entrees I have tried , the fish is black bean sauce is a must try .
Absolutely do not miss an opportunity to try their decadent desserts .
Crispy corn chicken was a delight .
Apart from that chilly chicken is also tasty .
We always start with the Yin - Yang soup accompanied by a Sushi platter .
Is recommend Kung Pao Chicken in the main course .
My suggestion pls do try out chilly sticks n lemon grass ice cream ?
Decor : It instantly reminded me of the typical Pune and Mumbai lanes .
It had layer of green chutney along with a fried chilli..very typical style of vada pav .
Thick and tangy !
As not many place in Delhi have Hukka or Sheesha to offer .
Slow cooked lamb with jus and assorted veggies .
Though the chicken kebabs are little dry , the mutton is irresistible .
This is the second time i visited Crackling Mustard and like always i was not at all disappointed .
Comfortable place to dine for casual manner..
And you can spend the time as long as you can .
That alone is enough for time spent there .
The staff were cool and casual ...
Crazy atmosphere !
Tried there single malt and isnt very expensive .
Had some chicken skewers for starters and risotto for mains , pretty decent .
Their indian chicken preparations deserve a special mention here .
I did have some late night eats and the waiter remembered my order from last visits .
Little italy happens to be one of my all time favourite italian restaurants .
Well Penthouse is the place where you just have to go and relax with partying hard .
Because of the full cover entry , there were a lot of people getting drunk and a few glasses being broken but the housekeeping ensured noone got hurt and the place was cleaned immediately .
They should open their branches in other cities too .
Mind blowing food & amp ; cozy ambience .
But they promptly returned my phone which I had left behind .
Barbecue chicken pizza for Non - veg and paneer makhani for veg .
But it was worth the wait and we were served with yummy chicken biryani .
Do try the BBQ tender chicken and ravioli pasta .
But u have to wait a for a long tym to get in thre....as this place is always crowded....bt I mst say crowd is too secy .
The place is for youngsters And college going people since its not too harsh on the pocket .
Had there been lill more wetness with sauces and lettuce it would have been a different level .
This place has been on my wishlist for a long time now .
We usually end up at candies for lunch .
Veg food has never tasted better .
I swear by Joey ' s Pizza to all my friends ( and let me say those who have tried it have never been disappointed ) .
Do try the pepperoni pizza and the rock chicken
Lasagne was heavy and cheesy !
You have to visit
Hidden in the midst of the humdrum of the city , there indeed exists a small paradise that can be likened to a mini Italy .
Try having room for dessert but the possibility of fully appreciating dessert is not very hopeful .
EDM on weekdays too at least for now .
Do drop by for a ' let down your hair evening ' ..
To try the other dishes
The DJ did later make up for the bad experience in food but that was it .
A very cozy ambiance with dim lights .
At that time back in the 90s , this would be the place for Birthday bashes and events and I still remember their Chicken Salami and Cheese Pizza ( which no longer tastes the same as it used to back then ) .
Area 51 used to one of the premium party place few years back .
Drinks are bit cheaper compared to other discotheques in pune .
I hosted dinner for 40pax and not one was disappointed .
The menu list is long .
One can see green bangalore from here .
I can hardly comment anything negative on this place .
.Coming onto the service , I won ' t say it was too bad .
( and this is coming from a family of not - great fans of mushrooms , btw ) , unlike anything we ' ve had before .
All the items on their menu have some or the other twist .
About snacks tasted the suggested things i.e chicken hot dog , chicken quiche and chicken chop though i liked chicken hot dog the best , chicken quiche a unique one .
Chicken items , whether be it chicken sandwich , chicken pita or chicken hotdog , all are of very good quality and come at a reasonable price .
Amazing chicken !
Restaurants come and restaurants go but this one has managed to stay for a long long time .
The place that serves bestest punjabi chicken dishes..
I have dined at this place with family and friends multiple times and have tried various dishes , and never got disappointed with the quality ever .
He said he has never been disappointed here , and my uncle has travelled extensively all over the world .
We tried the usual fare Tandoori chicken and butter chicken and they did not disappoint .
Also the added advantage of getting food till late night in one of prime areas of delhi .
..a den for late night family outings since our childhood .
This is seriously vintage .
The popularity of this place has only increased with time unlike 99 % of places in Delhi which get outdated within a couple of years .
We had gone with veg berry polao - only wish I had gone for mutton / chicken one instead .
The delivery of 2 chicken kathi rolls came within an hour and it was hot .
Trust me , the Dark Knight has risen .
Its not about the food , its not about its location , its all about the late night deliveries .
Its late night you can be tired after partying and might have had only finger food or like you are all awake and studying and don ' t feel like nagging someone to cook or it can be like you are just plane jane hungry , BATMAN is the messiah , the solution to your hunger pangs and believe me you will like the food too .
Thank god someone had this idea , and made this .. Obviously batman will satisfy ur hunger and empty stomach when half of the world is sleeping ..
Crazy crowd , not in the sense of temper but the sheer amount of people that pour in to eat at this joint .
Suggest you to order thick gravy items ( Kababs ) and not the gravy ones .
By this I mean that the vibrance of the place especially after dusk its something else !
I have been there for few times and it never gave me any complains .
The food also never let ' s you down and is packed with variety .
In the curry section : the butter chicken is different from the others with a bit thin gravy which I like once in a while .
It has been a long time that I had wanted to try this place .
The cab guy recommended butter chicken and so I had it .
This is a jewel hidden under the big names like dominos , pizza hut etc .
Asked for an extra cheese and I ain ' t disappointed !
Ambiance was cool and casual .
Had been there quite a few times .
And plus point - its not too expensive also !
Just could nt keep it down till i mauled though it .
Basically , a total chilling - out - place to be .
Music - DJ Mental Marshal - Spinning some fresh desperately need music.
It ' s expensive for a person living on limited pocket money but save up n go here once it ' s a gonna make your mood up for the heavy bill ?
Being vegetarian , it was really succulent and cheesy .
I also like their pancakes and chicken steak.now , the DESSERT !
now it has become one of the few restaurants i ' d drop by JUST for desserts !
Kudos to the owners / management for maintaining a standard that is very hard to find in Jaipur .
I ' d recommend this place over any other joint in Jaipur .
But other than that , pizza is okayish .
yummy food after a long time ...
all that you were missing from Mumbai is now in Gurgaon .....
good place to try Street food without compromising hygiene .
little red clothed globes over bulbs giving the oriental vibe .
its a grilled chicken dish made of these amazing spices , in simple words i can wrap it up saying it was garlicy , tangy and the chicken melted in your mouth .
i went to Shanghai Salsa on my friend's recommendation and it didn't disappointed me .
few Mexican , Chinese and food from other cuisines .
i have been quite a few times to this place .
though the location is a little off but the ambiance inside is serene unless you have a group of noisy hoggers .
i had few dishes during there salad fest and they were yummm .
try the butterfly chicken ...
proved me wrong .
