It took a real long time for the food to get out of the kitchen .
I never expected this type of mistake from such a big and popular restaurant .
Andra bhawan and sagar ratna serve way better food .
But there was a big blunder done that sambar was not served hot .
..was very much crowded...masala dosa was good even all chutneys...bt i would prefer sagar ratna over dis place .
He didnt have a smile on his face also..the place didnt attract me at all .
I may not go again , considering that there are a zillion options around .
Sitting in the waiting area with my grandparents with an estimated wait of one hour duration .
Customer alert : be careful if you are coming on a Sunday .
NEVER go here !
Save yourselfves the pain of eating horrible food : @ only and only over hyped.. please skip this place .
only name no nothing !
One of the worst experiences i have had since the time i started visiting resturants .
Resturants being so commercial that they do not think about the comfort of the customer are an absolute no no no .
I hated the food over there .
The ambience was 3rd class .
I went with my family to kafila i got very disapointed with the food .
And .wrost serving .
Disappointed !
A.V.O.I.DThey have ample space to do something more creative with this lounge .
I found this place to be run down - tackey - down market and 3rd grade dance bar types .
Worst place to visit if u r with cousin .
Local street bar ...by just entering we left .
I may not go again , considering that there are a zillion options around .
Probably I could have rated it better if it wasn ' t for lunch that I was looking for .
Got food poisoning here !
Horrible night , worst experience in Pune .
Location is amazing but totally squandered , sound is the worst anyone can experience .
.i came from seeing in zomato app MENU CARD NOT UPDATED IN THIS APP.thred chicken is worst and shezwan rice is not so tasty...i will never recommend any one to go to 5 spices.
The udon noodles were extremely oily .
The stir fry French beans recommended by the waiter was really disappointing .
If you are planning on having fun , this definitely is NOT the place to go !
But the food was really bad .
I had the worst food supposedly called as Chinese or Thai .
The service is pathetic and the cost is exorbitant compared to the spread of food .
It ' s just show off and I would say " All fart and no shit " .
If you want just show off and don ' t bother about the taste then Urban Asia is a the place .
Don ' t try eating food here , else you ' ll have to get it packed for your pets .
The only thing which i complain about is their service , its very slow .
Never had worse bengali food .
Who does that ?
Bad Pizza...Served Uncooked
Firstly the non - veg pizzas are now completely a joke as they would just sprinkle chicken and stuff on top , that also chicken that is mixed with soya granuals .
The bill slapped at the end makes u feel , that u have been robbed.. .
By far the worst place I had been too , the wait time for this place is ridiculous .
You know instead of all this , the best advice is Just don ' t bother going here , it a total mess .
Many of our orders were either served late or we didn ' t even get it .
First of all to start with i would like to inform people who are looking for a comfortable peaceful dinner after a long week , this is one place to overlook as no matter what u do they will not let you have a dinner reservation and if you are particularly keen on eating here the waiting time is 30 mins to 60 mins directly proportional to your group size .
looks all great but food is a big downer for me .
.. Found a cockroach in my desert of Gulab Jamun... Called the manager but he was very casual...
Worst experience ever !
Hard Rock Cafe is so overrated , I understood it when I visited .
Okay , So this place has queue managers and hostesses at the entrance who are so busy in chatting and laughing that they don ' t even want to see and open the queue managers , Oh !
I WOULD NEVER LIKE TO VISIT HARD ROCK CAFE AGAIN as Delhi has enormous places to visit and waiters out there treats the customers nicely .
Being a huge favorite of prawns I was extremely disappointed with their SO called hygienic cooking .
I regret to write this but their service is very very bad and this made me more irritated .
One of the horrible place I ' ve ever visited in Hyderabad .
Wouldn ' t suggest this place to any of my intimates .
chicken curry was very bad ( to be honest ) .
Dont order chicken curry .
Secondly , the food that we ordered was pathetic .
I actually wanted to rate this place 1 but their decor , ambience and music earned them 1.5 .
Very bad experience with table reservations .
Absolutely uncourteous staff .
When we reached the place - Mr Tejraj at the booking desk was very abrupt in his conversation and told us that they have already received bookings a couple of days back and all tables are full - when we tried explaining that we were communicated differently on the phone abt bookings , his attitude was very callous and without explaining there was a goof up on communication on his side , told us that there are no tables available .
The starters we ordered were cold and the main course was also forgettable .
...We waited for almost 20 mins to get our repeat starters....And most interesting this , when i asked them yaar kaafi late kar rahe ho aap log to one of the waiter says sir aap dekh hi sakte ho ki aaj kitna rush hai....IT IS NOT MY PROBLEM IF IT IS CROWDED....seats to utni hi hai na ?
Every second shop In Delhi can serve you much better chicken rara then there and please save your hard earned money ?
Visited this place last week with my wife to celebrate her birthday and was frankly disappointed by the overall experience .
The icing on the cake was the presence of around 100 - 200 bugs / mosquitoes at the same level as the food plates .
Have seen better quality of menu cards at roadside dhaabas .
Worst food and horrible service .
Overpriced , bad food , place has potential but the bad service spoils it - avoid at any cost !
Really disappointed with their reservation system and customer handling .
Never going back to this place again !
Actually....it was the worst decision to hve food at tao...we planned for a team lunch here .
.but there was zero attendance towards us .
..food quality poor...we demanded that please gve us food .
.starters zero...main course zero...desserts guess what ?
They dont ' hve even chiller for ice creams...Poor..I wont ' send my enemies to that place even...Negative negative.. .
I ordered sushi and literally puked.red thai chicken was good but desserts were awful and over pricey .
I will never visit this place again .
Very poor food preparation.. nt worth it .
a big cross
Pathetic place , rude staff , horrible experience are just a few things to describe how waste this place is .
Worst jumbo veg burger with cheese and oreo chocolate shake ever .
I am horrified by hotmillion .
The waiter kept asking us to leave cause they required more tables , even when we kept ordering drinks...by the end it pissed us off so we just left n decided to go to the hidden place in kp .
worst food ever tasted ..........wastege of money .
.......food was not fresh......tasted like food was cooked before
This place is disgusting !
Such a horrible experience .
Worst service one can ever get .
But will neither recommend this restaurant nor visit ever again .
The level and preparedness of the staff is of 1 star .
After the food and feel that I have been ripped off .
People in Jaipur need to work a lot on the service part , ( slow and study use to win the races but fast and furious confirms a good rank atleast )
The Philly cheese steak though was the most disappointing of the lot .
Pathetic .
The staff is just out and out rude .
- Butter Chicken , non - veg platter , dahi kebabs , plain roti and garlic naanIrksome - long waiting if you reach post 9pm
Sitting here right now & amp ; must say the management is extremely screwed up !
Come to this place if you absolutely sure you dont want Indian food
Shit Place .
Shit Service & amp ; Deaf And Dumb Waiters..
They Serve Shit..
Secretly Makes Vegetarian Eat Non VegI Would Suggest to Avoid This Place
However the food and service majorly disappoint as not only is it not authentic to the cuisine ( s ) it offers , it lacks in taste as well , as every dish has some ingredient that overpowers the rest .
Worst ever soup I had in any restaurant and it cost 100 bucks.. Sweet corn butter masala curry looked good but taste equally bad .
Dal was bad .
In short worthless .
Highly disappointed with the quantity and the quality of the Chicken & amp ; curd was sour .
Highly disappointed with the feedbacks of appreciations we read from the feedbacks provided they might be friends of Batman .
This place used to be good , now it ' s horrible ( Sorry for being harsh ) .
The quality has dipped big time .
Used to love the butter chicken there , now i can barely stomach it .
Ridiculous service .
The food was dreadfully poor .
Only giving the 1.5 because I was shocked that they actually showed up .
in simple words.. foods are just okay and yeah damn overpriced .
The delivery takes forever .
We were utterly disappointed by the quality of food .
Being a veggie cant really talk about the more famous chicken dishes , but for all veggies out there , achari paneer and cheese naan is what you just cant avoid .
Only one washroom which makes life difficult if you get a table near that washroom as its always crowded by people .
...But service is very bad .
They should definitely do something about it .
But as it turned out , the place is not that exciting afterall .
Food was pathetic...
Staff sucks .
but still for an upmarket place it ' s kinda shabby.with paint chipping of and dirty in some places .
we called for risotto with beer root sauce .
pathetic .
it was soggy and when put in the place was oozing with the oil .
it was like having and overlooked pulao.thts it we decided to stop ordering and get the hell out of there .
But the food sucks totally..
..was utter shit .
Horrible service is wat I forgot to mention abt .
...horrible attitude .
Horrible place !
I can ' t give it a Zero or negative rating hence I ' m giving it a 1!It is a pretentious place that has nothing more than good interiors to offer !
This place is just not worth it !
They ' d do better to replace the entire management , chefs and the menu and start from scratch.. .
Perfect weekend place to be .
It was a bad experience with replay as always .
..it was my last visit to replay.... On Saturday Sunday....with dinner disc is complimentary ...but as usual after having dinner .... We ask...can we join disc...the manager .
..said no .
Wait for sometime...very rudely...I was happieee wid food butt...not at all happieee with that guy behaviour....and plz if you are going for a disc party .
..but dnt have a chit chat with manager .
..as he don ' t know how to speak... : ) : ) and the worst thing....plZzzz don ' t give your car to valley parking guy..he dnt know how to drive...I got my new car .
..and went .
Could be a lot more attentive .
Service : Not that great .
Parking is a major headache during weekends .
it was too expensive and worthless ...
i think it would be a safe choice to skip this place .
you can find much better food in Guwahati at a much cheaper price !
such a horrible food i never had before .....
my hubby didn't liked the Sizzler at all ...
it was a very bad experience altogether ...
we had a very awful experience ..
would never like to visit this place again neither will recommend others to visit this place ....
it gave me a sever stomach ache .
couldn't even eat 3 pieces and felt like i was gonna puke .
i was very much disappointed with thatbiryani was not bad .
again the chicken in biryani was so hard .
waiting kills u ...
rating is just minus
and , the service sucks at times .
moat pathetic service i ever get ...
one of the worst service i ever got .
i visited yesterday and the food was very bad we ordered dosa there was no salt or taste in the chatni n sambhar the same was with pulav And pav bhaji was the worst the taste has been changedplease change the cook or do something
but for now its a big no to vist your place sorry
its a big no to the Service , No Hospitality .
they Need to improve their services with a Huge improvements .
another disaster landed to Ahmedabad .
totally crowded place and not even clean at all .
we had water lying on table and floor when we were allocated service .
but not - it is modified and looks disaster .
the dosas they serve are such cold that looks like frozen food .
even waiters need a lot of training in terms of service .
not a worth single penny ...
ruined my birthday dinner !
ruined my birthday dinner !
i would prefer to go to some other restaurant .
one of the worst services i have ever experienced .
but that was also very unsatisfactory .
and well , hugely overpriced .
so if you wanna go for drinks time its a big no no .
food is pathetic
pathetic .................................................
i will never come back ......................................
i didnt like the place at all .
very bad service .
this delivery joint was dissapointing , i ordered a dal makhani , murgh malai tikka , and murgh makhanwala or butter chicken , the delivery time was 1
:15 , the butter chicken was bad , it had a pathetic taste , it had atleast 300ml of oil and the quality of the chicken was worse , the murgh malai tikka and the dal was uneatable , the tikka was full of oil and butter , the dal makhani was tastless , i only tasted the indian dishes of this joint , and i seriously dont recommend it , i dont know why this joint has a rating of 4.5 , i would not order again from this joint
but the food here is just awful .
i literally couldn't eat , thanks to mcdonald's i didn't sleep empty stomach .
but how can u neglect food , damn it you run a restaurant you must serve good quality food .
mock tails wasn't good at all .
plz plz avoid going here .
if i have gone to toons i have had listened to better music , may have had better food & amp ; in half of that price .
this place sucks .
the food is highly priced
the biggest challenge is the ultra high decibel of the music that is belted out in this lounge .
it was filled with Chilly flakes and seeds and didn't really taste any good and we ended up leaving most of it .
pastas were real bad .
and the Salad was already dry , as if they were cut a day b4 
( not seen such mistakes in any restaurant ) .
they don't take reservation so get ready for long wait on weekends .
they take limited reservation before 8pm , which is of no use .
had asked for chapatti at start of main course
but it was about to be served during dessert time .
but the portions are way too small and over prized .
as i went there. i was told the there was a waiting for half an hour so like every 1 we booked our waiting and left for a walk , past 40 mins no 1 called as told , so we went and checked for it. so they were letting every 1 in , and the lady didn bother calling us .
but lemme tell u the portion of the dish was so small , i could not believe my eyez. i was really hoping the rest was on its way .
but quantity against my money Really Poor .
next was some desert as of which i am very fond of , so i thought of trying Something diff known as parle g cheesecake Around Rs 360 , The yuckiest desert i had in my life it may make you puke. so i please Request you to never ever Order this thing this was my 2nd Mistake this evening .
tandoori kulcha was really bad that's the only thing i left after having a bite .
but the service is shockingly slow .
horrible service they do not serve food they just keep the dish on the table .
worst service ...
lack of co ordination and ignorance to customers
but as its said With time everything changes , this is what has happened to kfc .
got hair on the dish twice
but guess what , we were informed by a waitress with very limited communication skills that the chefs have run away ( or something ) & amp ; so , non of that stuff is available , even worse , even dishes on the regular menu are not available .
until things change , i'm certainly not stepping in in a hurry .
and over that they charge a price that is really not worth.the ambiance is nothing great. the staff also seems to be least bothered .
with so many good resturants in the city , they should buck up and pay attention to both food and service.the shud also introduce some combo meals and economic meals instead of charging such high price was so little quantity .
got hair on the dish twice
the cheese and chicken were barely there. the only thing i could taste was the rice. the salsa that came along with the burrito , was overly sweet. the balance of the salsa was all wrong .
total disaster ..!
it was way too stiffly set .
i wouldn't ever try their panna cotta again 
but very fast service to remove plates from the table ( Kept asking whether we are done every 5 mins ) .
could improve a lot .
bad bad experience ....
pathetic Service .
sooo much hype abt dis plc.i cnt blieve its rated so high on zomato.a vry disastrous experience .
i hd to wait half hr to get seat evn to d tables inside vry empty bt d waiters were too lazy to clean it nd finally wen i got a seat , i hd to cal dem to clean my table nd evn d oders i hv to remind nd repeat.the ambience is bearable , waiters cloths r dirty nd d service , managemnt is slow nd unorganized .
but the irony is that half the menu never existed .
u open a Pizza Hut and donot maintain it , well that is pathetic !
lot desirable as far as maintenance is concerned ....
washroom stinks , mosquitoes and even flies .....
the lemon soda tasted yuccky !
i didn't enjoy it at all .
the accompanying drink mixes were quite bad
both the orange mojito and the chunky apple ice tea were extremely synthetic tasting and impossible to finish .
what i do know is that while i quite enjoyed their starters , tomato soup and pizzas , i'm never ordering a mocktail or dessert here , ever again.kimeatsnblogs.blogspot.comhttp
very unhygienic .
the so called best biriyani place is a shitty place with shitty foodi dont know why its soo in demand among d locals .....
neither the food nor the service or the atmosphere is good.go once and you wouldnt wanna the make the same mistake twice .
seeing the interior of the restaurant i thought about taking a parcel on my way back home
must say the seating arrangement is very clumsy .
the only problem that i had faced is the sitting space ..
its too less over here ..
the first reaction that one would get seeing the place would be saddening , situated by the main road Dada Boudi Hotel looked small & amp ; dingy !
being a sunday noon , by the time we reached there was a huge queue waiting for their turn to get inside .
sufficed with sunmica - ed tables & amp ; benches where 3 people had to squeeze themselves to eat !
the other one inside is stark under the sun with a mere cloth piece serving as a roof ( near the parking area ) .
with the best people and the best time .
