!the interiors are well done ( better than vk outlet ) .overall a 4 / 5 !
The Evenings makes the place beautiful and adds an extra point .
The place was well organised with nice pictures over the walls .
The waiters dance in the center every half an hour which is very unique to India .
But the place and the food is OVER - RATED .
....nice place .
Very well decorated restaurant with glass facade .
This place is a paradise.....
As for ambiance ..their is no ambiance as such .
The decor is well appointed .
Last night it felt like we were sitting at a railway station...clanging sounds , staff running around under stress , crying children with parents not bothered to attend to their kids...
Nor the store management engaging such customers .
The ambience of the place is good and so is the service staff .
The hygiene standards are pretty good and the kitchen just sort of merges into the restaurant .
It has a weighing machine which instead of telling you the weight dispenses a fortune for the day , which is like so cool .
The place has posters of old Hindi movies and play all kind of hindi songs .
The open kitchen is decorated with traditional jars and utensils .
The ceiling of the place is pretty cute .
They have made a chandlier of TAPS !
They have placed a soft drink fridge , which , you generally find at local places like a dhaba .
Basically they have given the place .
Place is super quiet .
But I wonder how will people occupy the terrace in this scorching heat ?
Cannot really eat a meal sitting on those .
In my view the most spacious restaurant in khan market .
Its such a relaxed & amp ; artistically done place for all creative n social people .
You may want to attend the event happening in the cafe or just relax n interact with like - minded people at their beautiful terrace .
So those that end up sitting on the tiny stools find it tough to hold their position for a long meal .
The only complain...those horribly uncomfortable stools and benches need to go .
Other than that , this place is beautiful .
Its well put up with graffitis..posters that elate the youth .
Till the kind of Interiors..
The coasters stating the truth .
Till the kind of crockery & amp ; cutlery we were served in.. Too cool !
..The place is not as great as their food but still it is an average and quite decent place to have dinner with your friends and family .
Indoor Sitting is small so its best either to take - away your food or have it outside .
But enough for you to make at least 6 - 8 visits before you exhaust their menuBit on the Expensive Side for a street food joint , but then they guarantee that you have the same flavor everytime you visit themThere is " ZERO " ambiance as like most of our street food joints , lots of bones , lots of dogsLots of Dirt .
Was completely empty on a week night .
The first thing that strikes you when you enter this place is it ' s enormous size !
This place is huge .
The interiors are nice , cool and different .
A huge gate on entrance with leathery stuff it just impress you on the first sight .
The music is loud and with packed up weekends , it becomes difficult to catch the waiter ' s attention however the staff is well informed .
The staff and service could be better in terms of ambient noise.
Good Hospitality and wonderfully done decor !
Although when you are on the gate of it , the entrance is not that good .
You might just ignore it and walk away .
DJ was good I would say .
Also you can ' t expect a serene din as half of the city is crammed into it .
Ambience is really nice with touches of cultures of bengal the photographs hanging on the wall are really good ( loved the photography ) other than that the food feels me homely kind .
A nice place .
..there are 2 - 3 variants of seating available..a mixture of Couch n high seats .
Went on friday late evening , was crowed as expected .
From the enterence at ground floor the place looks small , but the place is huge !
I visited this joint with a friend and found it preety gloomy inside .
The emphasis on blue was so much that all the pictures clicked came in blue shade .
Its a basic place with no frills but seems clean .
They played skini lover , for god ' s sake .
And they have this little bookshelf of very interesting books , such as notes on a scandal and nacropolis .
Their long walls are covered with graffiti of a redefined Ahmedabad , with its iconic heriatge buildings and the modern culture like iim , industries etc ; all juxtaposed with images of fruits and juices flowing all over the place .
When they say High ultra they don ' t really lie its way up .
421 feet ( I guess I ' m right ) You feel top of the world , hands down , it ' s the best rooftop lounge in Bangalore .
When we arrived they gave us a area which has been designed as a jail cell .
I especially like the display of bandooks ( guns ) .
The carpet hangings on the faux ceiling are a novel touch .
60 ML is nice place with nice interiors ( hopefully you will never get chance see this because maximum time light are off ) .
Beautiful place .
About the crowd or gentry i cant say much coz when i went to this place it was almost empty .
The interiors are rather dark and lit with neon and jazzy lit red lamps and wall units .
The interiors are rather dark and lit with neon and jazzy lit red lamps and wall units .
The most amazing view of bangalore metro , mg road and parade grounds .
So you get a royal feeling from the moment you enter the place !
One of the most beautiful restaurant in town .
Great sitting areas with white pebbles .
The perfect romantic place .
The place is extremely well organized and decorated with green plantation .
They have various sitting options , including open and covered .
The night life is what would make you fall in love with the place .
One of the best places in this part of delhi for a romantic dinner !
A quaint little place just adjacent to lodhi gardens .
The luxury of this place begins as soon as you enter the lift .
Ambience And Service ~ Ambience And Service Is Pretty Good And Fast .
.. spacious
Firstly what a place !
But looks can be very deceptive like they say .
Needless to mention that the place itself is pretty big and nicely decked up .
Decor : It instantly reminded me of the typical Pune and Mumbai lanes .
They used vintage items such as old telephone and a model airplane .
I loved the quirky display of glass jars filled with candies..very typical in Parsi stores .
The pink color looked beautiful .
We decided to Try ' White Waters ' .Its a nice restro with the outdoor seating , opp .
It ' s located at an excellent location among the greenery of lodhi garden and the setup is super .
Don ' t try eating food here , else you ' ll have to get it packed for your pets .
I loved the decor and the set up .
Great interiors !
The outdoor seating is extremely well done and provides a feel good factor both in the day as well as evening time .
This well lit and well designed restaurant is a welcome break from the monotonous eateries from this part of the world .
The interiors as mentioned earlier also is quite good and traditional .
It brings back the feeling of a bengali restaurant .
Decorated nicely with old masterpieces and really beautifully clicked photographs .
It is a small joint and during lunch hours had to wait to get a table .
Really happy with the minute details they considered while designing the place .
If you visit there just spend time looking at the pictures of Bengal , the " Ekla Chalo Re " art work , the antique furniture .
Don ' t forget to go through the collection of books they have till the time food is been served .
Place is so crampy .
Plus they have good music on and the service is good .
Beautiful cozy interiors .
Just enjoy your drink and groove to the great artists who would play there !
Having a drink with your friends , 100 feet up in the air , under the Stars , with the whole ( almost ) Kolkata skyline in front of you .
....however one thing the authorities should look into is the non functioning escalator thats reqd to be rode to reach the restaurant.....a trouble for the aged....hope dat gets sorted quickly .
The terrace is good for winter lunch or bearable summer dinner and drinks .
The inside section is too dark and dingy for my liking .
Personal party @ the M - floor : being away from the main floor service was a challenge , air con sucks..
No wonder whenever u enter this place , it ' s all wooden .
Nice interiors .
Amazing interiors as well .
The layout is pretty standard with all the cutleries on the table .
Great environment .
.. very aesthitically done up .
relaxing interiors .
Top floor makes it more glamours then it could be .
The view you get is just awesome with cold breezy air.1000 bucks with cover .
Flip side : the restaurant turn into a club on week ends , the two bar counter are always crowded so getting a drink is kind of tough .
With an amazing rooftop lounge at some 32nd floor of a high - rise , a perfect setting unfortunately they have been able to cash in on the place !
Pyramid like place , formerly MOS a lot of year back , now a really fresh change .
And the crowd was super charged .
So , its a romantic place .
You have greenery around .
You have breeze around .
So , its a romantic place .
AWESOME .
..love the rooftop , the people .
One of the finest longues....
The cherry on the cake is the huge screen that they have .
As the name suggests , this place has interiors like a jail with waiters dressed up in stripes and one person roaming around like a superintendent .
The song selection is good .
.crowd was nice..ambienc was really good .
.. i did not like the seatng arrangement much .
A rooftop restaurant with good food quality service and nice view .
Amazing view .
The best time is to come during the sunset to enjoy the beautiful view .
View is superb I mean u can c half bangalore from top .
Prefer sitting outside .
Plus it was drizzling to add to the sheer beauty of the place .
Excellent decor and good .
Awesome place !
We had a fabulous candle light dinner .
Undoubtedly the prettiest place to be .
This place scores even before entering inside , the Blue door it is !
Moreover , this is also your ticket to see Mumbai ' s real estate situation personified - cramped seating , limited space to move around .
And a decent effort by the DJ to bring energy into the Karaoke night .
The icing on the cake was the presence of around 100 - 200 bugs / mosquitoes at the same level as the food plates .
Love all the Burmese dolls and umbrellas around the place .
The ambiance is good the service is also good .
.Awesome food n also light on pocket !
best candle light dinner in Bangalore .
You will love the scene from 13th floor .
I guess they have two different sections one for food and the other for liquor and sheesha .
A giant screen ensures you won ' t miss out on any sports action .
Interiors is no less .
Air is huge , spacious .
The place is very tastefully done and has amazing interiors ( and exteriors considering half the place is outdoor ) .
EDM on weekdays too at least for now .
with a well known DJ .
Big screens all around .
The worst part of it all were the flies .
There were flies everywhere .
But what ' s unexpected in a city like Chennai is that the ambience is brilliant and the staff is very motivated and witty .
The ambiance is nice , and the best part is the singers who put life into the place , post 10pm .
They could have so much more crowd and people if they just time down the volume .
With their eye catching decor , the fancy beer tubes , that sporty feel and the various games , they give out an impression of a typical sports bar you would find abroad .
The only worst part I could find is crowd .
Dress code !
Completely PACKED !
Romantic .
Refreshing .
I absolutely loved the decor at the place .
But as soon as we informed them , they brought him another dish .
You hv decent sitting soace so can go with family too .
The place is predictably noisy as the Delhi families feel completely at home over here .
The entrance of this place smells like anything !
Pretty small I will say .
And must say interiors are good and classy .
One of its kind with white and grey combination .
Though DJ took time to make us groove on hit numbers but soon he made up for the delay .
As we went inside , it was packed and the interesting decor choices stood out immediately .
( cherry on d top ) Music was amazing n foot tapping .
Crowd was so so good .
Where the aroma of a morning coffee or a freshly baked pie welcome you !
..Just excuse the ambience and order any dish.. .
The only problem this place has is lack of proper arrangements for people to have their food .
The place has its own life .
By this I mean that the vibrance of the place especially after dusk its something else !
The sitting area can be a bit off .
So if you know who ' s playing the night , and you like the genre , this is the place to be .
The shamianas are very neatly made and maintained .
If it was just for looks I would rate it 4.5 on 5.
They have given it a rusty look and it seems some serious cost cutting is done in the ambience of the place .
but still for an upmarket place it ' s kinda shabby.with paint chipping of and dirty in some places .
The place also had a couple of artists performing .
Amazing interior .
Perfect place for a date .
Exterior / interior : Nicely done exteriors and interiors of the place .
Yes , you feel tropical as you enter .
Definitely worth for a romantic dinner , if u want to initiate a spark in your partner , the ambience at ebony definitely helps ( only take seats at he balcony for the effect .
Romantic fr sure
Classy place for a perfect romantic date .
Indoor sitting , outdoor sitting and a small hall as disc .
dnt Ever visit replay....a disc without a DJ..is like a band Wala repeating same songs..and playing full songs ....and if you are visiting for having dinner..then it is good .
Nice ambience nice coffee salads ...worth it
Great place to hang out especially in overcast and winter conditions....don ' t miss grill veg salad and pickle tickle sandwich....u will love it .
Parking is a major headache during weekends .
It ' s quite a cosy one .
The outer courtyard is quite small and is only sufficient to seat a family of max.
6 people and has table tops for people who wanna enjoy a drink or two and just have fun .
Two other sections are layed out , one on first floor of their part and a small inner hall .
amazing views ...
rooftop perfect for Date ....
little red clothed globes over bulbs giving the oriental vibe .
lovely interiors , well lit , very pretty decorated umbrellas on the ceiling .
as i entered the restaurant i was awestruck by the way they have set this up ..
double thumbs up to them for that .
the restaurant does get very noisy owing to this plus the projector .
amazing ambience , rooftop , pitch perfect for sheesha .
nice place ...
i loved the interiors , which are very tastefully done .
d place is great ...
i mean u jus dnt realise dat u hav enterd a small lane in bandra lookin @ hw spacious d restaurant is
a great place for a date .
cozy little place .
good for a quiet dinner .
but for hangouts it's a nice option
decent crowds , safe place and its got this at home vibe .
totally crowded place and not even clean at all .
the perfect ambiance ...
the perfect decor for a garden restaurant ...
never to be meant fr inside sitting,
the place is quite good as it keeps u engaged with its wall quotes and frames , funny arts which you are waiting for your order to be served
decor was fine , every item was upto one's expectation .
the place got a nice ambience with a very huge sitting .
nice ambience !
but if they have event then music and environment can be good
edm was played the night we went , very good music .
ambience is good .
: - p Not to forget the ambience ...
awesome ambience ..
the fact that it is a non air conditionedand has no music is a bit of a turn off for me .
its movie hall like persona ,
walls lined with movie posters of all kinds , be it old classics or iconic genre - bearers ; French or Hollywood , ...........
a two - level seating , indoors and outdoors .
for me the place to sit is on the upper floor ....................
the ambiance is good as it gives an Italian feel while you are in there .
their ambiance is also of good standards .
so starting from the ambience , yes it was high class ....
which was really nice no doubt ...
ambiance is what made me give it a 3.5 and not 4 ..
with The Amazing And Mersmerising Ambiance , It Would Blow Your Mind .
it Is Just The Environment That Makes You Feel Good .
the Uniquely Designed Seatings Are Very Good .
:5 / 5Ambience
arrangement of couch is pretty good too .
d they have best music dj is so cool and last
i love the ambiance ...
the ambience is really nice and romantic if u manage a to get a good corner .
good ambience .
anjan chaterjee has put his best in his retaurants to give people the feel of luxury and the right taste .
ambience - 2.5 ( they haven't changed much -
amazing ambience !
loved spl the ambience 
awesome ambience , good service with reasonable prices .
good ambience .....
nice ambience .....
this place is huge
the decor and dining area is good
ambience is really good .
when i went there , they had lit up candles on the tables , giving it a romantic look .
light are really good .
this is one of the highest lounge of all the lounges i have visited till date , which gives you a breath taking view of Bangalore , especially in late evenings .
the Outdoor seating which i was not very much comfortable , where on one side of the table they had soft cushion seating and on the other side chairs made from steel .
you have to dress up yourself warm because of the altitude and cold in the outdoor .
the biggest challenge is the ultra high decibel of the music that is belted out in this lounge .
though overpriced , it is impossible to hold a decent conversation without shouting even when your table mates are within whispering distance .
he defended it by saying that patrons like loud music .
i gently reminded him that this is a fine dining facility , not a discotheque .
but have decided against it as the loud music is a big put off .
i had to go here because it looked stunning and so gorgeous 
although this place is breath takingly beautiful !
go well covered , woolens if you can .
cause its freezing up there .
you are sure to catch a chill2 ..
but when we got there , we pleaded to give us a table inside cause it was too cold for me .
the view is stunning .
the city lights give you a view that you dont get a chance to experience anywhere else in Bangalore .
the place has an amazing ambiance , being on 31st floor and all .
the location and height of the place is what strikes you first and you will be spellbound at the view .
but the downside is , it was pretty chilly and windy and they should've had some heaters put in some corners .
been seeing this and wanted to visit , as its a huge place with 5 floors .
gnd and 1st floor have good seating with open bar n the beer brew view ( yet to open , may be Oct ) .
2nd floor and 3rd are meant for buffet and regular sitting .
ambiance is great and you would just love .
the buffet space was little congested .
ambience
:4 / 5food
:4 / 5Ambience
great ambiance .
the semi open kitchen sends tasty smells wafting through the restaurant .
the ambience is awesome especially their open rooftop which i liked .
i like the whole ambience and decor .
exceptional Ambience , with good food .
the ambiance is just too perfect ...
and no doubt the ambiance was very soothing and good , no loud music so that you can talk to each other comfortably .
interior is completely a / c to give you relief from this sweltering heat .
but can get crowded and noisy .
i wish it could be a little more fine dining
too less seating capacity
and since we happened there around 2 in the afternoon so wasn't crowded too .
the ambience was good , and was as expected from a higher - than - average class of restaurant .
:3.5 / 5ambience
its snugly located in ra Puram and looks very cozy .
its snugly located in ra Puram and looks very cozy .
quaint yellow walls , green windows and a splash of colour on the seats .
its all very cosy and comfortable .
i took my family to the restaurant and couldn't take not more than one in the lift it was very small and scary .
some fish fry odor was spread in the entire restaurant which was very unpleasant .
ambience is perfect for a family outing
but avoid if you're out on a romantic date as it gets pretty crowded .
of course they should really do something about the space issues .
awsm ambiance and a good place to chill out .....
the only thing good about this place is that it looks like a very old and classic place .
place had an ambiance that was ok .
all in all a lovely time with good retro music and ambiance which made us feel like being in Goa .
nice ambience .
good music and crowd .
the ambience is nice .
simple interior , nothing fancy ...
as a matter of fact we really felt Europe inside l'amandier .
however this particular loyan's has an added option of sitting and eating , and the area is quite clean so more brownie points for that !
its huge and have this hall where you can arrange private parties .
the singer sometimes gets carried away and you have to ask the waiter to lower the volume a little !
n nt to forget their signature 'bell' on d doorway is a nyc touch .
probably that's one criterion that scores decent points .
i am not sure if thats happened to everyone or its just the fault in my stars , both the times i'd been there , the place was choked by loud and volumous diners ; just enough to ruin the entire atmosphere .
this pizza hut is big and spacious compared to some other franchises around the country .
the interior is ok filled with their own advertising .
lot desirable as far as maintenance is concerned ....
washroom stinks , mosquitoes and even flies .....
love the location , the ambience , the service and of course the food .
the ambience of this place is fairly good and it has fair amount sitting space .
as i entered , it seemed like a wonderland .
you can always find the place full .
but sometimes in weekends and festive seasons it'll be a bit hard for someone to find a seat as it is packed with customers .
the place was proper and spic n span and i really enjoyed my meal there ...
the two things i like about Pizza Hut are firstly their Maintenance and secondly their 129 combo meal which consists of beverage , appetizer and pizza ( deserts also in case of veg ) .
those who r giving bad reviews it is only for d place not for the food .
its a small and old place .
but space for dine in is congested and a long queue would be found on ocassions such as new year or christmas .
firstly i must say it's not a sit and dine place .
:- 3.0 for Ambiance.4.0 for Food4.0 for Service4.5 .
) outside a small clumsy restaurant that hardly qualifies as a restaurant from its looks .
it is more like a road side dhaba ( the original ones on the highways and not the fashionable restaurants which have 'dhaba' in their names
but actually are 2 - star or 3 - star in their appearance ) .
if you are looking for , and habituated to , beautiful decors or gentle ambiances , this is definitely not your cup of tea ( or may be 'plate of biriyani ' ) .
very unhygienic .
you will find the place is not so hi - fi ..
no such environment ..
though the place is very small , congested
dont go by the look of the place as it offfers you one of the best biriyanis of kolkata .
you ll always find this place crowded ...
the dine in ambiance in not very good so you better take it as parcel and enjoy with your family and friends at your desirable place .
it Might Be a Small Place And Unhygenic , Well Talking About Hygine i Must Mention Those Certain Times When We Say " let's Have Fuchka !
although it's Small
this is not a typical place for sit down meal .
only suggestion due to paucity of space better enjoy with family at own place ...
just step out of the local railway station and the first shop you see with a huge line in front of it is !
a very small and cosy hotel with no ac and frankly , hot inside ,
but the major problem is u have to wait in queue and wait for a long tome before they serve you .
accomodation is the major drawback of this joint .
its quite an off - route place as well .
small little place
but you gotta stand in a line for a Biriyani take away .
it is a small joint
seeing the interior of the restaurant i thought about taking a parcel on my way back home
its too less over here ..
the first reaction that one would get seeing the place would be saddening , situated by the main road Dada Boudi Hotel looked small & amp ; dingy !
sufficed with sunmica - ed tables & amp ; benches where 3 people had to squeeze themselves to eat !
the other one inside is stark under the sun with a mere cloth piece serving as a roof ( near the parking area ) .
the hotel is a modest place with a 6 or 7 old indian dhaba styled tables , and by the looks of it isn't very classy or hygienic place .
the first thing which strikes you when you enter this place is that it is huge with an amazing ambience .
