i had visited the radisson branch when it was quite newly opened and also remember meeting cricketer mohd azharuddin .they have a fixed menu priced costs around 1100 with taxes per person for non veg menu and around 950 for vegetarian .
even though nandos remain quite occupied everytime i go , there is no doubt about the flaw less service these guys offer !
They just stood there and watched the...read more
We had ordered a takeaway at your Cyberhub , Gurgaon outlet on Aug 17 evening ( check # 2093 ) .
.
.
.
..Within minutes of getting your table , after checking if you will opt for veg or non - veg , you are served hot and spicy varieties of barbecued chicken , lamb and fish.. Refills keep arriving on your plate till you are full and are compelled to say ' No ' .After that sumptious round of starters , you are served the main course - which is not so great - but the magical starters take care of that .
The place was well organised with nice pictures over the walls .
nice ambiance we ordered for one starter ( lagan ki chop ) and ghost biryani both were amazing , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , Service was prompt and food was delicious ...we will back again for sure .
Was a big name in South Delhi for its ever famous delicious roasted chicken and kebabs .
best burgers and malts......ill recommend route 66....and hersheys shake added malt.. .
1.
4.
Loved the decor and the ambience , ordered mini burgers , the chicken was good and the portioning was appropriate , however , they made me wait 25mins for my order .
The food was a li ' l above average if you have to wait for 25mins
..
.ambience was quite nice.. and the food was simply awesome... i must say its totally worth paying 499 + taxes per person .
The food is expensive but you should definitely try this place out if you haven ' t yet , you will keep going back that much I guarantee : )
Their Kebabs are pretty good , but lacks a lot in service .
.. : (
Galouti kebab is the speciality and is mouth watering.very courteous staff and excellent ambience.would recommend this place for all group parties .
....nice ambience.........but really expensive
The serve fantastic food and if you haven ' t eaten here yet then you are really missing out .
Pure white elegance & lt ; 3Excellent crockery with silverware : - ) Yummiest biryani I ever had : - * Will love to visit again : - )
Excellent food and very fast service , starters were very nice as well the main course can ' t comment about the deserts but if the ambience could have been better .
Pretty much it is buffet and I was not expecting to be checked on , just as long as...read more
Excellent food and very fast service , starters were very nice as well the main course can ' t comment about the deserts but if the ambience could have been better .
Food - Excellent , Ambience - Pleasant , Price - Moderate , Service - BAD , No ice - cream or Kulfi available
Our total was pretty good for the...read more
The mutton rogan josh was ok...the meat was tender , but the sauce tasted like tomato soup .
Which was ok tasting , but not what I wanted and expected .
It pains me to say , but while it ' s a decent place , but not at the top of Indian dining experiences .
..Peri Peri is good but other than that I didn ' t find anything good .
...
The sauces are not sooo spicy / hot and they are marketed , The chicken is great and tastes more yummy when it is served with love and courtesy .
I visited nandos many time when I went every time I feel goodNot comparable in taste ....Ambience niceService goodWanna to go againMust visit
!!!!
Neither too hot , nor too sweet .
... tried to catch up for dinner... and waiting line just put me off !
!!!
!!
... we ordered for a Ceaser Salad , Garlic bread and Espetada Festival - a hanging wonder of the world !
!
!!
!!
.. surw they do .
..
!!!
Thank you for...read more
This place is for the non vegetarians , s o my review is mostly based on my friends ' experiences and my own minus the food : / Non vegetarians - a huge assortment of foods , with some really quirky presentations : ) I personally love the Peri - Peri saucee and love them with all my foods - yes , you can buy those and take home .
Snails crawl faster.2.
3.
4.
Remaining food was just about Ok , nothing to write home about.5.
http : / / www.sumitup.
in
The esperada was good , but wish the portion had been bigger .
And half a chicken .
Food - 3.5 / 5 , Service - 5 / 5..Ambience - 4 / 5. .
.
!
!
They had quite good knowledge of their product and I loved every bit of my meal and stay at Nando ' s. Would recommend to anyone !
The food , decor , music , service .
..all just perfect .
I had visited Dhaba at The Claridges only once with my family and I just loved the food they offered though found it damn expensive being a student .
..read more
..read more
Overall good food , definitely worth the prices .
Things started with a bang , then everything went downhill...one of my colleagues kept on and on about how great this place is , and I should definitely give it a look , so of me and my fiance went yesterday , we ordered the blue breeze , bloody mary and a margarita pizza , the drinks were fab , everything in the right proportion , but the pizza was just about average .
....We thought maybe pizza ' s aren ' t their forte , lets solider on and order something else , I specifically asked the waiter , what ' s your best , most popular veg starter and he replied , the veg seekh kebab , it came , we ate and it was just plain shite.....A BIG no no for veggie food , but apparently its great for non veg ( as recommended by my colleague , 666 lol ' s )
But If you wish to have a great time with you friends this place isn ' t suitable for you .
I have also tried their Paneer roll which is also tasty , and their Mutton Kakori roll which has a good flavour , but I found it quite oily .
..read more
..and nothing great there except the Daal anyway .
I bit too heavy on the pocket but 2 words - sikandari raan .
Reason 2 : People say it is over pricedReason 3 : People say the service is snootyReason 4 : People say that you never find a table unless you reserve in advanceReason 5 : People say that other than the dal bhukhara , the food is not that specialI wanted to explore for myself because I had more lovers than haters of this restaurant on my list of friends .
NIce ambience , courtageous staff but sitting comfort can be improved .
Service is good and speedy ... however I felt the food ( however well presented ) was not beyond the average taste of most of the joints in Delhi...All in all a very cool place to hangout with your buddies especially during evenings .... ( a welcome change from all the other enclosed , dark pubs )
The variety is excellent - - - - - 09 Mar , 2014 - - - - - Great ambience .
Complementary salad is nice.the place has very less noise as the crowd is good
While the non - vegetarians were all praise for the food , other vegetarians and I found the preparation average ; portions were generous .
they have an authentic chinese taste to the food , its different and yes its working well for them , staff very courteous and makes u feel at home .
So all comes down to is it better , but compared to whatFor Chines food this is place is nothing special , Average food nothing much to excite my pallet the only thing you would like is the fortune cookieMust avoid if your looking for chines food
This place offers no frill mediocre dining experience but with just...read more
No Fancy Boards , not much of an elaborate seating as well but the Kakori Kababs , are just simply awesome..The All time Hit , Kakori wrap is 2 Pieces of Kakori kababs , wrapped in a Roomali Roti roll .
..read more
But enough for you to make at least 6 - 8 visits before you exhaust their menuBit on the Expensive Side for a street food joint , but then they guarantee that you have the same flavor everytime you visit themThere is " ZERO " ambiance as like most of our street food joints , lots of bones , lots of dogsLots of Dirt .
The fish i tried was garlic fish that turned out to be stale , however the prawns made up for it .
The verdict : - Food / Taste - 7 / 10Service - 7 / 10Value for Money - 8 / 10Quality - 7 / 10Ambiance - 9 / 10Will be trying more passtries and cake soon !
These cookies are my favourite pick , i can have them packed and can warm it and eat them , but quite high on price for a 100 gm cookies you get around 5 - 6 pieces , cannot afford on every visit i pay here .
Except for their Death by Chocolate , I am quite unfazed by any other item they serve .
Taste : 1 / 5Ambience : 2 / 5Staff : 2.5 / 5
Music was excellent , the band played amazing retro classicsThe cocktails are brilliant too .
Burger was really amazing chicken patty was cooked to the perfection and was very tender and mouth melting , juices...read more
The pasta salad , basa fish ( I loved that ) , chicken soup , chicken stroganoff stole the crown..while the not so goods were the baby corn , red pasta etc .
The music is loud and with packed up weekends , it becomes difficult to catch the waiter ' s attention however the staff is well informed .
!Decent foodDecent crowdDecent place - one will easily fall asleep ; )
I have had better cooked and flavourful chicken in other outlets ( outside india ) .Bottom line : will I go again , may be notWill I recommend , may be once in awhile if you crave for it only then .
We ordered Half Peri Peri chicken with a spice meter of Extra Hot with 2 sides consisting of spicy rice and coleslaw and a Grilled Breast Pita .
I loved that it was mild in sweetness and...read more
We chose to add a drink too - Poncha Zurra which was pomegranate syrup with cinnamon and ginger .
0
!
Kfc is better if you wanna chicken .
.
.
Food - 5 / 5Ambience - 4 / 5Service 5 / 5
( 4 refills )
.
Ambience is really nice with touches of cultures of bengal the photographs hanging on the wall are really good ( loved the photography ) other than that the food feels me homely kind .
A total satisfied home made food , moderately priced .
Good food and friendly service .
Came for Sunday lunch , my review will beAccess : long waiting , better to get advance booking especially on SundayStarter ; variety was ok but serving was slow to start and some starters were cold .
Later picked up the service pace but seem unable to handle the Sunday rushFood : again good variety and taste .
I went to this place yesterday with a few friends and to our amusement the place turned out to be quite amazing and in fact among all buffet restaurants of this genre , the best till now .
Food is decent...the place has an ambiance tht makes even a broad daylight feel like evening .
Now this is wot we call a cafe lounge..amazing place to chill , pricey but worth it .
.i wish they had more of chicken starters on the food menu..Ambience - 4.5 / 5Service - 5 / 5Food - 3.5 / 5
I mean no prawns and no soup how they are running the damm show..And then we ordered beer which was chilled ..virgin mojito which was flat and Peri Peri chicken PIZZA WHICH WAS OKOK...Just a suggestion training ' s should be given to the staff .
good servicegood ambiencetasty foodnice staffi liked it
The food was so delicious and the service was impeccable .
!!!!!!!
a must visit place only for their butter masala dosa..exceptional..also the place is quite clean..but the waiting sucks..one of the best south indian restaurants in Delhi .
I just love coming here : - ) awesome dosas , : - )
A must for any authentic south indian foodieIts bang opposite MY BAR on the outer circleIts has sitting on multiple floorsThe food served is authentic to the lastWe had appams , rava khichdi , ghee idliIt was sumptuous and completed with their desserts ( ice creams ) Awesome experience with total value for moneyAlready visited thrice
.. Service is quick & amp ; flawless : ) service charges not added in the bill .
..
Food tasty on the palateRude service .
.
.Long waiting in line mostly..Mostly crowded ..Higher on the cost front compared to other south Indian places but then again quality meets the cost .
On my visit to cp today with friends I was craving south indian , and this place struch in my head as my parents use to take me over there when I was in school , I remembered this place for its dosas and other south indian dishes , the taste was still the same , the costing is extreamly pocket friendly and the potion size is filling , will love to go again in future .
.
.
.
.
After such a great main course I ventured to try the dark chocolate mouse needless to A M A Z I N G !My new favorite place in Delhi NCR .
..was very much crowded...masala dosa was good even all chutneys...bt i would prefer sagar ratna over dis place .
Amazing ambience and what quality food they have .
I really lykd d ambience and the food dat dey served .
08 - 09 - 2014On my wife B ' day we was here and Order so many different thing and good thing is ALL ARE MINDBLOWING......not any single dish You can ' t ignore because each and every dish have their Unique test .
a beautiful theme based , mid high priced restaurant in central kolkata with delicious food .
The restaurant is well maintained , and the service is decent , although I don ' t have a clue as to who gets intrigued by the Prison based theme .
We ordered Fondue and it was a delight initially , although I found the quantity to be a little on the lower side .
Loved the concept of eating in a cellFriendly staffGood food .
..Nice by quantityAverage presentation.
..Very good concept....Price is competitiveGood ambiance
Only d cells are an add up to d ambience or else d restaurant has very normal layout...food is olso good !
The food tastes very good and is also moderately priced !
we had gatta pulao n mexican pasta...Food was awesome but service wise they were a bit slow , but since we were not in a hurry , it was ok with us .
These people have a marwari touch to their cousine.. food is pretty ordinary except the cheese dip.. Place to avoid if u like authentic taste of different cousine.
Am vegetarian and felt this place is better for non vegetarians ...........decor is different and food was good
On d basis of zomato rating i went to dis restaurant.tried biriyani n reshmi kebab.
They served a very sygary food ther was no hygine specialy in washrooms
Very Good Ambience and Quality of Food .
..they are known for Mughlai and for sure you will never get disappointed...the decor is like a fortress with very soothing colors which sets it apart .
Typical country bar like ambience and male dominated crowd... Dim lighting and not many options in cocktails and starters... Service is pretty prompt though !
.
!!
!
!
..
.
Have also organised a few parties here and they were memorable... At the time I organised the parties they were very accommodating don ' t know about now as i guess most of the people have changed from here
.!!
The place is eccentric , , & amp ; the music is amazinggreat place to hang out with friends & amp ; girlfriends !
!!
their complimentary chutney is a must try , , mouth wateringthe food is genuinely priced and the liquor is too cheap to stop ur boozing , , go there and keep going coz u can never get enough of this place .
The place is dimly lit creating the aura of a typical lounge...nt a very great collection of liquors bt beers are available everytime....the ' ve made cabins for privacy and the service is prompt....food quality is satisfactory....and try the chinese menu and chilly potato for sure .
!
Food quality goodInterior goodDim lights , dark place quite well for a liquor partygoersService is ok .
Ambience okayFood okayServices okayBut crowd is ridiculousjust like a local street bar
?
?
?
Service is fast and cordial , pocket pinch as low as 200 for 2 .
Once we got in , the food was very good and the staff very friendly .
..I must say this is a over rated joint nothing special about their biriyani..Not a dine in place and ambience is much dumber...Staffs are not enough expert for a hospitality service .
( its not very modest , but not at all exorbitant for such offerings ) .They welcome you with bread sticks and so many dips that you would start gorging right away .
What to try : 1 ) Rajasthani Methi Murg ( Tandoori item ) 2 ) Kebab Platter3 ) Banofee PieRatings : 1 ) Quality : 5 / 52 ) Quantity : 4 / 53 ) Service : 5 / 5 ( friendly staff ) Highly recommended .
The ambience is beautiful , you get full privacy , the food is scrumptious .
Nice ambience and good food .
Beautiful ambience , nice music , expensive bt worth spending a late romantic dinner
!The ambience is awesome and service is just too good to put it into words..Choose a cool rainy or a early winter night to enjoy the most of the place .
Awesome taste.. Ambience not great but who cares.. Must visit.
The cheese garlic breads there are so sooo sooooo yummy..the service is quick and the waiters are well mannered !
My friend had a craving for pizza and we decided to go to Joey ' s. This outlet is very small compared to the Andheri one and ambience isn ' t really very good .
When we reached the place was quite empty but when we left there people waiting outsideAmbience was OK .
Dominos , shitty hut , papa john are nothing compared to joeys malad..call even at 11.30in the night and the order comes on time and perfect....i think its time to update the menu.... .
Best pizzas : ) Pocket friendly .
Drinks ~ Cocktails At This Restaurant Are Well Made And Mixed , The Selection Of Beer And Other Alcoholic Beverages Is Limited .
Then , Fried turnip cake with vegetables , again perfectly cookedMain course : stir fry udon noodles , spicy vegetarian fried rice which was brilliant and uniqueWe also had szechuan vegetable and tofu clay pot : tofu was not dat great okayishDrinks : plum cut Larissa it wad brilliant magnificent , I never liked plum but this was brilliant and perfectly blendedKiwi and lime iced tea was unique and original kiwi taste just loved itWe also had peach and guava drinks which was again perfectly blendedDessert : chocolate hazelnut mousse , by far the best mousse I had in my lifeAlso religieuse which was also niceWanted to try more dessert but I was already fullService was quick and courteous full marks for that .
They had only vegetarian menu card which shows how they care for customer satisfactionAmbiance was brilliant and spaciousFirst time I saw open kitchenThey had kept dessert at the entrance itself to woo customers I guessAll of this cost us 5000 rs with tax
Check : ) and the Raspberry Delice is beautiful to look at .. & amp ; i mean beautiful to LOOK at .
An all time favourite is the hazelnut mousse..sinful !
for dessert I had the raspberry delice and religieuse I have attached pics they will say it all , the staff is absolutely courteous , I was attended by bapuso such a dear , keep up the good work man .
..great ambience and one of the best sea food i ever had .
Loved the food n mocktails...amazng yummmm macrooons
Amazing place and an ambience that serves right for couples and friends.. talking about the food and the drinks , it worth your every single buck.. but make sure your pockets are heavy before you go to this place .
.
!!
.. We were bidding adieu to one of our friends leaving for ireland and decided to catch up at townhouse... Gosh the place is fab the interiors , music , food , ambience , service , seating.....Talking about food - we all ordered veg so the most amazing white sauce pasta , a must try would be roasted stuffed mushroom ( the most yummy thing about this dish was its lip smacking sauce ) , honey chilli potato and paneer tikka .
Do not miss hookah in watermelon base with brain freezer as flavour...In all a place u should not miss .
Service & amp ; food both were gud..We ordered pizza , bhutte ke kebab , chocolate & amp ; hazelnut shake etc .
Mushroom cheese khaari : An interesting addition for the irani twist.. 6.5 / 10Drinks : Raspberry Soda - 8 / 10 and Masala Pepsi - 7 / 10Main Course : Salli Chicken - 8.5 / 10Berry Pulao ( both veg and chicken ) - 9 / 10The service , music and the vibe of the place is terrific .
Not as good as Parsi joints in Mumbai ( Brittania n Co. comes to mind whenever I think of eating in Mumbai ) We ordered theVeg Berry Pulao - 4 / 5 ; Mutton Berry Pulao - 5 / 5 ; Veg Macaroni - 3 / 5 ; Pros : Best Parsi Joint in Delhi ; Food is good ; Ambiance is excellent ; Cons : Pricey ; Limited Menu ( Veg & amp ; Healthy choices are even more limited ) ; Not as good as Parsi restaurants in Mumbai ;
Delicious Chinese food and a great ambience...The lamb preparations were too good .
.
Amazing fooddddGreat prepVery delicious
Food : 4 / 5Service : 3.5 / 5Ambience : 4 / 5
!!!!.
?
?
?
Rating 6 / 10FoodPad Thai - Extremely heavy on a little pungent sauce which kinda plundered the taste buds .
Rating 1 / 10ServiceOkayish , though I had to specifically ask for some sauce or chutney , it wasn ' t served with food .
Rating 5 / 10I am not planning to visit again .
!
Aloo Aunty ' s Vegetable Cutlis : Such unique name !
Feels amazingly surprised to even see a parsi restaurant in Gurgaon ....good food although a bit costly .
I usually don ' t get too impressed with places that are in my opinion over hyped but this place is worth every bit of the hype excellent food drinks here are my ratingsAmbience 4 slightly too loudStarters .
Onion bhaji 4Chicken kutlis Pav 5Masala fries 4.75 some bits were slightly over cookedMainsKeema Pav 4.5Dhansak 4.5Goan sausage and Pav slight let down at 3.5 thought it was too sourDessertsPound cake 4 does what it says in the book and them moreWill I return : oh yes
The decor is cool and quirky , the food is different and delicious .
Hukka was smooth and we enjoyed every smoke of it : ) .Service was good and so was the music .
.They don ' t let us sit where we wanted ( when there were only 2 tables other than us ) ..Food is okay..Prices are decent..Bad music..Major flaw is service & amp ; staff .
Loved the ambience and the service was excellent .
?
Had kolkatta style roll n luci kasha mangdho.i went with my non bong friend .
.
I have been to shiv sagar in almost all of India , but this was just below the standard.. food was ok...Cheese dosa had no cheese....cooling and management was bad and needs to up the standards to maintain the brand... .
...perfectly mumbikar taste.....specially dahi bataka dahi puri..... good
.
Drawbacks : - Take long time for serving - Bit CostlyFood - 4Service - 3Cost - 3Ambiance - 4Never miss this place .
..i just went ther some days back with my frnd... and it was like there was no cheese in cheesy burst so after first bite i complaint for that and after a big conversation with the manager he agreed to replace and the thing i received was awesome guys u are actually famous for that .
this place is just a shitt never ever go to this place guys.dont waste your time and money on this cafe.service is very poor and taste is just what should i say i really dont have any disgusting word for it please never ever visit this place .
Quiet a big place but the food not upto the mark and price are too high .
The staff is also very dedicated and food is quite delicious .
Food : 8 / 10Ambience : 9 / 10Drinks : 9 / 10Music : 8 / 10Service : 9 / 10 ( brilliant service , super friendly folks ) Cost : 7 / 10 ( definitely not cheap ) LIIT test : PassAll I can say is that the Little Door is the perfect example of perfect execution .
Tried there single malt and isnt very expensive .
cool place 2 hangout..DJ plays sum decent nos..ambiance , food n drinks r good but prices r on da higher side if u compare dem wid sum other places who maintains da same level of standards or even better than dis..dere r AC n Non AC sections n both have big screens which streams live sporting actions..ppl who like xploring new places can visit dis 1ce..sadly dey dont have ny happy hrs sort of deal too .
.The food was average , n the decor was fading out .
With mouth watering delicacies and an innovative ambience , this place tops the list for people crazy for indian food .
This plce will surely mk non - vegeterians to fall in luv wid veg.. And the ambience iizzz simply superb.
, .Its been a complete replica of a modern prison that izzz known not for its prisoners but izzz known for awesome vegeterian dishes.. Just to mention if u visit don ' t forget to order the sizzler there and trust me it was yummmmmmy.. ?
Wow what a makeover.....such a lovely bang bang start for the new journey...I was taken in for a surprise while going through their platter....wonderful varities...the perfect mix of italian , north indian and oriental cuisine.the staffs were corteous and was always with a smile .
Both inside and terrace are nice , and the scotch collection is really good .
...food was truly delicious...with thumping sound and awesome crowd...liked it .
Awesome place & amp ; taste to good .
Overall : 3.0Ambiance : 4.5Food : 2.0Service : 4.
As some correctly say , over a cup of coffee lots of things happen !
I can have it anytime anyday !
I wont ever get bored of it .
The person we was taking our table was friendly and introduced us to the BBQ brunch .
Many of our orders were either served late or we didn ' t even get it .
.
.
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
.... desserts r a plus..... avoid cold coffee ' s
!
Best italian cusine in hyd...nly draw back is its a vegeterain restaurant
.
.
.
I went with my friend for dinner , the dinner was perfect , high quality ingredients and exotic flavors [ we had cheese salad , crispy baby corn , fried chicken wings and spaghetti ] .The staff is very friendly and the drinks...simply perfect !
Personally loved the placeSure to visit again
Awesome ambiance... Nice hospitality... Pocket friendly...What more do you want for a nice Lunch \ Dinner .
this place is awesome ..great ambience .
The ambience was very dull and the food was okay .
The drinks are reasonably priced ( a beer pint costs Rs.300 and a Black Label small for Rs.450 / - ) .The decor is good with white couches and being on the rooftop gives a very open feel to the place .
Nice ambience.. A little on the pricy side , but that can be justified by the amazing view you get , gives you a feel of partying on the top of the city .
The ambience is good the music is awesomeThe best thing is they don have a cover charge for entry !
You have good foodYou have an e - menu .
We were warmly welcomed when we entered the restaurant , and shown to our table at a quiet corner [ as requested ] .Food was excellent , as were the grilled sweet corn , chicken satay and fresh mushroom , we had these things pretty decent .
?
?
?
?
?
?
?
..
..
Yet , if you prefer scotch on rocks with a twist like me - it does give u but not like the library bar does.... ( I did not get double black when I went there the last time ) If you are looking to take someone on a date , reserve a table well in advance.. .
Yes... You don ' t find so many options for vegetarians usually ; but you do to some really good extent , here .
31st floor unbelievable , but we have to believe , Iam really enjoyed , about ambiance that was yummy , I had 1st potato [ sweet potato ] chips very good , then I had Thai curry with white rice , all the food were good quality and good presentation also .
.. Found a cockroach in my desert of Gulab Jamun... Called the manager but he was very casual...
The ambience and the food , both are very very good .
Writing it for the aundh branch - excellent service , food and seatingBoth the makarana kebabs , dajaj shawarma and butter chicken were lipsmacking .
Pocket friendly , must try the chicken bhuna roll and the open face shawarma roll .
Snacks were ok but main course ws horribleNo proper place to sit alsoNt vry happy
Went on my bday eve...the atmosphere is gud...service gud...bt the food is nt very gud...n never try their dahi kabab...yaaakkkk !
!!!
!
The unbeatable dahi ke kabab ' s & amp ; amazing serive and food makes you crazy about the place .
super duper food : - ) jst loved it so much : - * the service was also incredible
Nice ambience..Good service .
Excellent restaurant...Excellent food .
...try its tandoori chicken....best I HV eaten in Delhi......just go early lots of waiting.......... .
Buffet includes only 2 non veg starters ( hot fish and cold chicken ) Main course has very limited options and none of them tastes good .
...beautiful setup... Gr8 ambiance
Environment is deliciously good , , , with bengali instrumental.... behaviour of d staff is quite hearty.... they r vry gd at serving...specially I find here egg item....desert is good but not as good as bar - b - q nation .
.
?
?
?
?
I think this place just kicks some serious butt..the ambience is excellent , the service prompt , and food is excellent..very highly recommended..and with live music to warm u up .
Ambience isnt great , the food is one reason you can have a one time experince here .
Non veg is nt that great... Veg is much better here .
.. Value for moneyService is good 4 / 5Food 3.5 / 5Ambience 3.5 / 5
Aer is one of classy places in Mumbai..The music , food , the feel of the place , sitting area and ambience makes you forget you are in MumbaiThe best time of the day to be there is 5pm to 7pm.. you actually get to see the different tones of sunset while lounging... one side the sea view and the other side the city lights flash while the breeze mesmerises you .
...the delivery is faster than other pizza outlets and chains....sumptuous nd hot pizzas are served and delivered !
Some starters were not cooked properly... Only thing I liked about the place is the deserts.
.
Extremely expensive , Interiors are goods .
Seats are comfortable and makes you relax , food quality needs to be seriously reviewed , the font size of menu card must be increased atleast by 1 point .
.. AwfulRush was there n it was crowded , I asked for repeat starters n waiters were keep coming coming n asking again n again same questions that Sir what would u like to have .
Overall Ratings : Food : 4 / 5Quantity : 5 / 5Service : 3 / 5 ( always slow ) This is an iconic food junction .
Surely a place you will visit again , also it doesn ' t dig a hole in your pocket , the prices are reasonable .
There shakes and pastas are incredible..Must go if you italian cheesy food crazy
The ambience of the restraint is horrible , the service is very slow .
Super nice locationvalue for money not givenfood oily and tastelesswe ordered grilled platter , pasta , meat , lasagne and fishapart from the lasagne everything was swimming in oilvalue for money not given at allmight go there for coffee and desert the next time - that is supposed to be good .
This is one my fav places in suburbs..the place has good vibe , good people , games to place on weekdays...food is good too !
Went on a Sunday ..rather deserted..music was only trance and monotonous..nice ambience.
Their cocktails were really nice since my wife and sister - in - law enjoyed them while I and my brother were busy with hard drinks : - ) My daughter is one of the fans of Atmosphere 6 and wants to always go there when we go out for food : - ) .Considering the expenses this is a place we reserve for special occasions.3.5 / 5 Ambiance4.0 / 5 Service4.0 / 5 Staff4.0 / 5 Food3.5 / 5 Value for money
Staff at Burma Burma is very polite and helpful....food is different but good .
I had never tried Burmese food & amp ; to top it this place is vegetarian , which limits the options , but I am so so glad I went here .
Service : goodAmbience : goodFood : very goodHowever the infrastructure needs to improve .
One of the best pizza joints in suburbs.. Paneer Makhini Pizza and Mexican Bonanza are the must haves for vegetarian .
It was my First visit to Joey ' s Pizza and it was totally worth the 2hrs travel from Navi Mumbai to Andheri ( including the time it took to find the shop ) .It might take a bit while for the order to reach your table ( totally understandable as lots of people visiting ) , but this wait is totally worth it when the moment your order reaches the table.. the mouth watering pizza umm pretty satisfying .
Lots of veg and non - veg varieties of pizza ' s.Cant wait to visit it once again .
I wish there were more joeys than the commercial dominos or pizza hut..Best pizza ever .
.the service is awesome always smiling and helpful..the quality is just awesome..over that you have a option to select 50 : 50 toppings..easy to enjoy 2 different pizza at once .
This is one place , i , feel , that undercharges..don ' t go by the modest ambiance .
Best place for foodie ppl.. amazing taste ..We had three pizzas one is vegetarian beast , den paneer makhni and last was chef ' s special.
All were awsm specially paneer makhni.. its pocket friendly place .
It ws my first visit at joey ' s..I went Der wid two of my friends..We ordered one chicken tornado n one garlic bread..The pizza ws jus delicious..this ws the best pizza I evr had .
ebony is a great place for dinner , make sure you get a reservation on the terrace , if its a romantic one , try the smaller terrace , more intimate.the parsi food here is really good , patrani machli and salli boti are my favourites although the boti isn ' t part of the menu and the dhansak is a good pick for me .
what disappoints me is that they are no longer a parsi restaurant , they have a common menu for 13th floor , over the edge and ebony which for me makes it loose its identity .
what disappoints me is that they are no longer a parsi restaurant , they have a common menu for 13th floor , over the edge and ebony which for me makes it loose its identity .
Sheesha too wasn ' t that great needs a better hand on it , The waiters too weren ' t that effective instead u could have self service cos every time the food got delay we just went and asked for it in the counter .
Staff is really friendly and helping , prices are a bit high as compared to other similar places say a breezer costs 300 bucks .
Pros - quality of food , ambience , helping staffCons - prices
Staff are very friendly and helpful and even though I normally eat only non - veg , I enjoyed my vegetarian meal !
If you ' d ask me to visit again i wouldn ' t!The basic courtesy is to atleast serve water when someone arrives but it took them a whole 15 minutes ( that too after i asked the server to get us water ) .The appetisers were nice .
The coolers were nice but lacked a lil bit of flavour ( i ordered kafir lime cooler ) .Then we were kept waiting for 20 minutes without any food .
All in all the food had a very indian flavour to it and dint feel " Burmese " .Desserts were fine .
Food - 3.8 / 5Service - 3.3 / 5Ambiance - 3 / 5Price - 2.5 / 5 ( a little expensive for an all veg restaurant )
.. Best part is the ambience... For those who like roof top , this is the place .
..Food 3.5Ambience 5Service 2.
food 3 / 5service 2 / 5 very lateambince 5 / 5crowd reasonable n digified
I just gave 4.0 rating for the ambience .. Food was okay.. Come with ur girl friend for sure .
Ambience is greatFood is goodExcellent service
THE ambience was great .. Would love to visit again .
Ambience is greatFood is goodExcellent service
Fell in love with the ambiance totallyOrder : honey chilly chickenPepper roasted noodlesThai chicken riceHoney noodles ice creamDished out quickly , the food was really awesome .
Food : 4Ambiance : 4Lounge : 4
ND i must say it is a good place to be visited by all foodies..... Ambience was good .
... Awsm Bollywood numbers were played.coming to food Chinese stir veggies , fried rice and classic north indian is all u will love to have all The time .
Decor niceStarters ok - okDrinks goodService fineSalads amazing , varirtyMain course tasty ?
Desserts limitedPricing average
dis place is not at all worthy to do ala a carte..it better to go for buffet .
For the past few days I ' ve been goin on a laptop hunt .
Nice place to spend saturday nite.. do book table if possible or b ready to stand .
I take a tour of all the stuff that has been collected over the years .
Manger Vikram along with staff were very rude n even misbehaved with one of my friends.portion size in all 4 dishes we ordered was very extremely less .
In all they tried to mint maximum out of our pocket to cover there loss as the club was empty till we left around 12.Don ' t ever chose this place otherwise you ' ll spoil your clubbing fun .
Pathetic place , rude staff , horrible experience are just a few things to describe how waste this place is .
Ambiance - 4.5 / 5Service - 4 / 5Food - 4 / 5Value for money - 3 / 5So , the next time you are in Phoenix , HRC is a place worth a try .
....jus carry ua cigarette packets if smoker .....outdor seating is gud bt food disapntd mee.....music on d outer seating side ws upsetter... .
Good starters , nice rooftop place , not too expensive
This place has a great ambience and is very much in budget , but their services on week ends is bad .
very nice crowd.. Must visit
.
..Sad & amp ; Unfortunate
Jack of all master of none ...Nice ambience to be .
Excellent In ambience.. Food is good .
Nyc plc to chil out n njoy ur space wid frndz bt d fud is nt gd ad al I nly lykd hara bhara kebab bt agn dat was too spicy.....u ll literally get a toothache when u try on does chkn saladz...I had nachoz too n wishd I had askd him to simply serve me nacho chips wid ketchup dat wld hav tasted far bttr... .
The place is given a rustic yet a classy look..must try
Menu sounds interesting.....however fails the expectations .
Mind blowingly awesome is the only word for it and my mouth still gets watery at the thought of it even after 5 days of having it : ) A must visit place for sure .
I ' ve had some amazinggg Indian food all over the world & amp ; I don ' t feel this can compete.1 definite highlight is the food plating is very good .
Heard so much & amp ; tried a couple of times to get reservations until last month we finally got one , highly recommended butter chicken was strictly OK !
Rogan Josh in starter was the best & amp ; paan candy floss to end with , highly steep & amp ; did not match expectations .
The cake tasted as good as it looked ( i ' ll upload a picture of the cake ) So I would recommend everybody to order their cakes for any special occasion from Loyans .
In brief : Food : 4.5 / 5Ambience : 4 / 5Service : 4 / 5Value for money : 4.5 / 5
..In a very brief way I can describe it as a overhyped overpriced Indian food restaurant... the food was very good but I have had such at cheaper prices .
staff is very courteous.also this is one of the few places where you can get good food after midnight ( they serve till 1am ) .Awesome Sabz biriyani ( tahiri ) !!
Great north indian....nice buffet
This place is part of Delhi ' s food folklore...grand stories of the tastiest butter chicken , dripping - with - ghee garlic naans , prompt & amp ; efficient service coupled with easy accessibility...it does not get better than Gulati ' s.What ' s awesome ?
- Legendary food - ample serving - service can be a little slow - a little on the higher side , price wise , but worth it
The place has good ambience and good sitting as well , but the food is simly outstanding and uncomparable.. the prices are also worth .
Awesome ambience..great food !
Its a nice place to spend time with friends and clients the ambience of this place is amazing everyone should visit this cool place
...so was the shinghoi chicken...the kadai paneer was however average in taste..recommended specially when weather is good .
I visited this place on a Saturday night the place is well made and the music is very good for Bollywood lovers....but the worst part about this place is the service and cocktails that they serve.....not at all like they should be mild and pale.....other than this they flat say no for domestic alcohol when you ask them .
....but on the other side they just use domestic alcohol for cocktails.....this is bad.....so of they claim a beer for 200 and average cost for two with alcohol 2100 is just bullshit......I can say there are much better places around JUHU
Went to townhouse this weekend on a friday evening , was expecting it to be packed but was only half full , the place had some funky interiors but after sitting for a while it felt a bit clastro.. the food was not upto the mark , hope it will improve in the future .
..The Taste of Food is passable for my taste pallets....But Service is a major turn off and mood spoiler....They have such a hype of their name abd I really think they ate not doing the right things to do especially the service side .
I went here to celebrate one f my friend ' s bdy..although there were nt much public there , the waiters were in hurry to send us back to home .
Fantastic concept and place food is delicious...nothing better then visiting this place on a hot summers day .
Good food , foot tapping music , quick service & amp ; smiling waiters made our evening & amp ; party rocking .
Amazing place had a good time with friends after office , everything was gr8 but need to improve on beer specially on weiss blue .i always come for this only but last night it disappointed found sour & amp ; heavy body need to be more crisp please dont changed the recipe keep previous one .
servers are very attentive.good place always love it .
I think I can go back there only for the brownie : - ) Overall - I would go back there to try out some of the other dishes and drinks .
One of the nicest places for the fresh beer fanatics..great ambience..yummy food .
Food 4.5 / 5Delivery 4 / 5
great ambience....good food .
Starting with..Entry point - similar to what quattros haveambience - very goodstarters - Had ordered loads pf starters like the most famous one pav bhaji fondue , nannza , panner tikka..Quantity - decentQuality - very goodmain Course - Punjabi dishesrajma and kadai paneer.... hot n spicyEnding with...desserts.
sexiest dessert ever I saw.. very well presented...Cost - A bit high
Fish jalandari or something was awsome..shahi fruit some ice cream was also amazing..price wise its quite expensive .
.place is very good with vallet parking..apart frm that the service is good as well .
Murgh Roasted Masala.....superb n woooww vaala dish hai.....whenever u visit there order for this ur testbuds will feel good .
You will feel that you are not in crowded Mumbai.... First reaction will not to leave this place soon .
A dinner date on a weekday... My first reaction to the tent like structures was wow..
A very romantic place with amazing ambience.. Food is good .
Ambience is jus amazingAwesome musicDelicious foodService is Lil slow1 of d amazing Rooftops
The ambience is great and the Handi Gosht is a must
D ambience is quite good n d food too .
From the Cricket , to the Lasermaze , bowling with the neon bowling alley decor to the shooting to the amazing pasta and to a great afternoon !
A complete sports bar...Play drink eat n enjoy.....If you are cricket freak then must visit once .
Amazing bar menuUnimaginable Wonderful choices of shotsDecent appetisersGood musicGood decor
so probably one can conclude it ' s not a day place .
so probably one can conclude it ' s not a day place .
the place is huge and would be rocking in the night .
as regards the food , it ' s very ok.we called for a martini which was not what the menu stated.
there was evidence of basil at all .
we called for risotto with beer root sauce .
pathetic .
it was soggy and when put in the place was oozing with the oil .
it was like having and overlooked pulao.thts it we decided to stop ordering and get the hell out of there .
..
Ultimate awesome : ) Recommend basa grilled fish .
The expectation was really high after seeing the photos of the place and food .
But the food sucks totally..
Decent Decor , Well Maintained Ambiance , Attentive Service and Yummy Food are some of the characteristics of this place .
.. Well priced drinks... food for the gods and music for the edm starving soul... Super time .
Awesome Name - Very Unique & amp ; Classy....Great Set - up & amp ; Awesome Music , was a task to get a TABLE , the place being super super crowded....but nevertheless the Music kept us all on our toes....Platters - A must try .
The ambience , food and service were all up to the mark .
Awsommeee placee.. really appreciable... Good ambiance with yummy food at reasonable price .
..
Its not a a fish market out there , one can sit at leisure and enjoy the meal....Ya coming to food a big big thumbs up .
... but to my surprise it was on contrary...I could not find a trace of oil .
..it was yummy... one of the best appetizers I have had in Bangalore .
..staff is friendly...wwe ordered hummus n pita but it wasnt available...shouldnt happen as its not a hard dish to prepare...otherwise pad thai and casadillas were good .
..orange mojito is worth a try but the oreo shake tasted like any other chocolate shake with an oreo on top...nothing great...biggest problem is the location next to tracks...very irritating when the trains pass by...but overall decent place
but i absolutely love their Walnut pie too ( thanks to my friend for ordering it for me ) !and as if that weren ' t enough , this place has the most fascinating decor ever !
!!
This is always my preferred place if going to the meeting in this area - lovely fusion north Indian food , very good value for money , good service and very comfortable .
Staff was very attentive and politeMenu had a lot of variety , which will surely make me go again there .
Amazing food n great ambience.... .
A small rooftop setup with a look of a goan shack.. Ambiance is nice but the place would be crowded and loud..Prefer a reservation before walking in .
.
....such a wide variety of cuisines.....mocktails are excellent...the music compliments the ambiance with great service .
Nice ambience....great food .
Good ambiance , good service , friendly staff .
It ' s a Good place to hangout...New place in town...Upsides ; Comfortable Seating options .
From Mexican to Scottish , Lebanese , Spanish you have ample variety to delight your taste buds ( sometimes its even difficult to understand as to what to order ) .Food was palatable , ambiance was adorable , but the thing that stole my heart was the accessories they provide for the photoholics ( DP i must say ) over - sized glasses , cute bow hairbands , neon colored caps , you have a variety to choose from .
Amazing place to hang out n chill with ur frenz...food is out of da blue..
Tropical Lounge...a pleasant and elegant place altogether .
Visited this place with my family n had a scrumptuous dinner .. Indian food is by far the best food served here .
Food was pretty averageA variety of energy drinks nd mocktails are available..The best part is that they have mny board games so that people dont get bored .
.Bt I did nd frankly speaking...Its a very nice place with good food nd peaceful environment
Careziiiieee..awesome shakes and smoothies..great variety..well priced .
It a place whr u can hang out with friends as well as out out with ur familyReally like the ambiance makes u forgot all the stress
Beautiful ambience , food and service .
There aren ' t any words to describe .
.. Amazing starters and cocktails , great rooftop and wonderful disc... Value for money .
..
!
.. Amazing starters and cocktails , great rooftop and wonderful disc... Value for money .
Yummy food and good ambience !
....
Superb crowd and amazing food culture.... Place to rock and roll .
A great place for evening hangouts wid friends gr8 ambiance , u could sit for hrs have a chit chat wid friends , have a drink n snacks n enjoy the great music and view .
Both the varieties were good and well prepared .
..said no .
.. Bang bang..but we all shouted ...uffff bachh gaye...so park yourself if you luv your car : ( : ( 2 rating is only for the good food .
Nice ambience nice coffee salads ...worth it
!
( y )
.. try out Kanha... the food is exquisite there and it is not even costly .
If you ever go here and don ' t have it - you ' ve sinned !
Could be a lot more attentive .
You must have this if you are visiting Replay .
Food : Have been here numerous times for just one thing and one thing only - The Jerk Chicken .
The place is wonderful and food is good .
Crisp and yummy bakery stuffs with amazing sweet corner to add to it variety.... Couldn ' t go beyond sweet section to try the chat and snacks corner but it ' s a complete yes yes for authentic Rajasthani sweets... .
!Give dis place a chance .
..nd u won ' t have nything to regret... ; )
Nyc quality food good decorum
Plus points : Good ambienceNon - intrusive waitersExcellent soupTasty startersGreat deal for buffetDelicious cheese cakeNegatives : Pretty bland burmese dishJust about okay thai curreyVery bad coconut ice cream .
The outer courtyard is quite small and is only sufficient to seat a family of max.
6 people and has table tops for people who wanna enjoy a drink or two and just have fun .
good food , gr8 ambiance ..
good place but beef to improve on food quality .
we had a good experience in a different cuisines you have a very good ambiance nd wide range of foods to taste ....
good , fast service and ambience
great food , great service , great value ....
ambiance is attractive food tastes good service nice lovely environment must visit here
great food and great service ........
excellentfood 4 / 5quality 3 ..
5 / 5service 4 / 5ambiance 4 / 5
so the total review would be its a beautiful place , chic decor ; cozy ambience and delicious food for savouring the spices of mexicana , only thing they should work a bit on the quantity served on grills .
nice ambience , good food and pleasing service .
brilliant decor , food to die for , wonderful music , good service and it's reasonably priced .
clean chic cafe interiors with a full blown restaurant menu ..
would recommend for buffet & amp ; service is also good .
tasty food and a good ambience .
ambience 4Food 3.7Service 4
the music was pretty good and food was delish .
home made gingerale was quite nice ; falafel was a little dry
tables reasonably far apart , non obtrusive service , lovely setting within trees , and food and drinks to match .
their ambiance and service are also very good .
its a Perfect blend of - The ambiencethe Interior ( Look at the finer details ) The musicthe foodthe servicei will definitely visit this place again and again (
im definitely gona try to put my pic up on the wall next time ; ) So after some thinking we ordered cheesy garlic fries along with beer .
do check this place out , great music taste and great ambiance
i really liked the ambiance and the burger is a must try for all ...
great food , ambiance and service .....
a reliable rest in delhi great food and service
hospitality is wonderful and the most important is delicious mouth watering food .
good for food and the relaxed ambience
khau sway was another hit .
the sheer creamy texture and superb flavours makes u want to eat it forever .
in terms of extensiveness of the menu , there isn't a lot of stuff to choose from
but whatever offered is served with full heart .
food is ok , service cud b bettr n d music cud definitely b much bettr
the base and the taste was just too good .
but the chicken cajun pizza stands out .
:4 / 5.
my rating
pathetic hospitality , bad food and disgusting service .
great ambiance clubbed with great food .
the design and ambience of this place is brilliant and Food wise it is definitely good .
complimenting it are the various sides offered to you , the ambience , the hospitality , the various sauces etc etc .
excellent variety and good service .
awesome food & amp ; warm hospitality
it had numerous Imported Beers , friendly staff ( as usual ) , best location , super awesome food ( Legendary Burge , Grilled fillet Steak , Hickory - Smoked bbq Ribs ) .
excellency in taste n quality of food , hospitality and interior with ahmedabadi ambience .
this ia value for your money restaurant , delicious delicacies , awesome ambiance , and great service .
butter and sage , seasonal vegetables with tarragon and paprika cream with quinoa , Grilled Andaman Prawns with lemon parsley
some of the other famous picks here are the Pumpkin Ravioli with burnt
butter , grilled pork chops with tomato barbecue sauce and summer salad .
brilliant place with amazing food and ambience .
extremely disappointed by the food , ambience and service !
other than that ambience and service were pretty good .
good food with good service .
a restaurant based on pirate theme where you can see staff serving you dressed like pirate was pretty coolthere can be long waiting so before going its better to reserve a table for yourselfambiance is fine nothing much to grab your attentiononce you get seated they start serving you the snackssnacks are same as bbq nationthere is a complimentary mocktail ( Virgin mojito wasnt nice , fruit beer was good ) When it comes to main course you are already so stuffed you dont feel like having itthere was some mughalai festival going on when i went so they had some special biryani and daal which i didnt likedesserts you have 4 5 options less than bbq nation
but they suffice916 with taxes for 2 so vfm ( 4 / 5 )
combination of Great food with Ambiance .
service is also very good except there is always crowded .
staff is very friendly & amp ; helps you understand the best dish for youit also serves some mind blowing desserts !
very authentic decor and the food lives up to all the hype created ....
