" Hookah " was well prepared .
The word itself gives you a sense of Richness and a feeling of classyness .
Found this place by accident after overhearing people talk about it during the Light & amp ; Sound show at the Amer fort and thank goodness for that !
I wanna dinner so my frnd rcommended to go to alimentosAnd I got a prfrct restaurant
After months of hearing about Cyber hub - I finally made it there .
The cab guy recommended butter chicken and so I had it .
However , this never happened during my innumerable visits to BYD before .
Went there post reading some reviews on Zomato.. And turned out to be an inspired choice .
I would love to go for the brunch which looked really promising .
Definitely for a romantic dinner .
!must go place .
Think about this... .
We were taken to this restaurant be a local friend in Jaipur....You enter the place and the music and seating take you be awe .
Overall , MUST have the Jerk Chicken !
You must have this if you are visiting Replay .
Good place , must visit for sweet lovers .
!Give dis place a chance .
..hav a feel good feelin inside u as well .
the bar area and the dance floor are pretty cool , worth a visit for sure !
nd services are really good but you should go at least 3 hrs before closing because one would love to spend time a lot there ...
amazing food must try
recomended from my side ...
so thumbs up with recommendations .
prior reservation is recommended .
a reservation is highly recommended at all times .
im definitely going back again : )
over all a must go for food enthusiast .
tip for tummy : watch out for the spicy ones , they do burn !
a must try in Guwahati !
i think it would be a safe choice to skip this place .
would never like to visit this place again neither will recommend others to visit this place ....
i suggest to go there at lunch ..
highly recommended ..
overall a must visit place .
the corner seat by the glass panel window is a nice place to see the hitech city
good Italian food option in Hyderabad .
would recommend for buffet & amp ; service is also good .
any day recommended for a place to chill out ...
this is the place everyone would like to visit .
we had a reservation so got a place to sit .
a must eat.
if you haven't been there yet , a definite must - visit for dinner .
highly recommended , for the privacy , care , and off course some good acid jazz sitting in the tent .
but if you have the taste for it , you should try it .
you start with long waiting time outside ,
can't miss this if you are in Delhi for a filling & amp ; tasty meal .
:( go early get seats
it is recommended especially for families because outside you will find all over families waiting for their turn to enter in restaurant .
:to avoid waiting please visit around 8 to 830 pm because after that there is long waiting of 1 or 2 hours majorly in weekends .
overall a must go place .
i would recommend this place if you want to go out with friends to chill & amp ; enjoy your lunch with great selection of drinks .
simply awesome must try
but again you should really go there for the food .
a great place to hang out with friends or loved ones .
must try !
all in all this makes a must visit food joint reccomended by me .
a personal recommendation here is the spring vegetable pasta , accompanied with a fresh river sole with lemon and herb gremolata .
:getting close to nature should also mean being sensible enough to wear a mosquito repellant patch .
also , reservations are highly recommended .
a must visit place to hangout with friends and family too
must try .
go empty stomach .
suggestion take a reservation it can be crowded and waiting could take long .
by far my favorite place in cyber - hub and i never miss an opportunity to suggest it as the place to eat well Oh Calcutta is also there ....
people go eat and let them fight it out
a must try place with friends .
if you don't like too crowded places this is not a place for you ....
mrs sodabottleopenerwala's cold coffee is a must try .
a must try !
kadhai panner , Dal Makhani are a must for a vegetarian foodie while Butter Chicken is the must have for Non veg foodies .
blueberry cheesecake and Mississippi Mud Pie are a must ..................
a place to come back again and again 
so as a suggestion i would advice you to book a table before hand in order to avoid disappointment of waiting for some lip smacking food .
well i would recommend their dal makhni , chicken 65 , neza kebab , paneer dishes and moong dal halwa .
overall a great experience and a must visit for everyone .
before starting and rating and recommending , i just want you all to reserve your seats there before you visit the place .
highly recommended for ppl looking for a great dine in with an option of buffet .
must try dishes !
very much recommended 
highly recomend this place ..
must try !
galouti Kebab , Rogan Josh , Kakori Kebab , Murgh Malai Tikka , Barrah Akbari , Butter Chicken , Dal Makhani , Paneer Lababdar , Ambience is normal ..
must try
love to visit
butter chicken is must try ..
you can also try their Chicken 65 and Bheja Fry ( it's a speciality -
a must for dinner .
i would recommend to visit there at night .
totally recommend
a definite must do , even for you non - Koramangala residents - it's worth the effort !
for Non veg ppl recommend ....
suggested my friends to be here ..
do try pasta and cocktails here ...
variety of meals , taste is unique , service is grt and chilled beer.must visit this place ......
i would highly recommend the place ...
this cake is surely a must - try .
pulm cake is a must taste item when you visit the shop .
worth visiting loyans 
well , i toally recommend this place and ask all pizza lovers to try it out .
a must try .
:) Might i just say that this place is a must visit .
i had always heard a lot about karims at jama maszid from everyone .
try and visit on week days .
excellent food ( you must try the largest nann bread in the world ) .
do try if you like North Indian Food .
must try !
a must place to eat ..
i would strongly recommend their Garlic Naan .
a must try if u r in kolkata
must visit place in Guwahati .
definitely recommended .
i would strongly recommend the nachos , burger , chilly garlic noodles , veg manchurian .
must try the " mean ass chicken chilli "
beer and cocktails are recommend .
a must try in powai 
being a college student , this shall be my go - to restaurant .
highly recommended for pizza lovers .
one of them was vegetarian.we ordered a large chicken tornado and veg.corn exotica and cheese garlic bread ( must try ) .
p. s try the Meat Ultimo ( if you're comfortable eating bacon )
i do recommend this place for family gathering !
people should give it a try .
their baked pasta is a must try .
and if u don't mind those extra calories and fat molecules , u must try the choco mousse .
must try ..
so the next time you wanna hang out with friends at some restaurant you should try Pizza Hut .
so , i recommend every one to go their and enjoy a great meal n service .
but don't miss it !
a must place for all the biriyani lovers .
all biryani lovers should go thre ....
i must say they are quite able to maintain their quality ....
you have to check this place out ...!
overall everyone should try this place atleast once ...
a must visit place fr every biriyani lovers
enjoy. i love love lovveee it and u will love it too .
u shud must try the biryani here ...
do visit Dada boudi for some good lip smacking biryani and liver fry .
highly recommended .
i am definitely going back to the place to try out their famous biryani next time i am in Delhi .
whosoever ask me a place where they can get the tastiest food , i recommend this place ..
i would suggest it to the ppl who like fish
came here with Mum and Dad for a Sunday Lunch Buffet ..
