This place is just PERFECT for all the Kabab lovers !
!The decor , service , quality of the food is amazing .
the great kebab factory is a great place to spend the evening in a group .
Often when you have heard a lot about a place , ur expectations are really high .
I am rating it a 3.5 because of the very average experience we had .
Being a fan of Nando ' s before it opened here , I deemed it essential to make a trip there at the soonest .
We had ordered a takeaway at your Cyberhub , Gurgaon outlet on Aug 17 evening ( check # 2093 ) .
After a night of partyin we woke up looking for breakfast close by at 4pm .
We decided to check out nazeers and were slightly disappointed by the menu .
Sets a very bad example .
Please clarify your stand .
I would like to give another try to nando ' s... although liked the chicken but still couldn ' t enjoy the way I thought ... but yes in taste it was good .
A restaurant that produces and serves kababs and tikkas by the kilo .
does justice to the name of the great kabab factory in gurgaon , even though i would still prefer radisson but this is also a good option to dine .
I ' d been to the GKF at Radisson , Pune and the experience was not good , but comparatively had a nice time here .
We visited this place for dinner last month on a Sunday with some friends .
Though not a great kebabs fan , yet this place took me by surprise & amp ; I enjoyed every moment of it .
Right from the food , to the ambience , to the paan , every thing seemed perfect .
In spite of the above , we plan to take friends over next week & amp ; hope not to be dissapointed .
They don ' t have a lavish menu but what they serve is pretty good .
good food , good service , staff is good but pricy.that ' s y 4 stars else 5 stars
Good food , good service - complete value for money
We left the table without eating our desert .
One of the Must Visit Places for a Good time with Friends .
: - ) If possible , plan for a weekday lunch / dinner .
alright......good food must visit............................... agaiiiinnnn
How can I not rate this place ?
It will be forever ingrained in my memory .
Okay aside from that , Hard Rock Cafe was pretty good .
It had fun music playing over the speakers , good food and a friendly waitstaff .
It held all the splendor of a time and I would definitely go back .
I have been a customer to them since their old days , when this joint was actually a dhaba across the nearby red light .
I would recommend you to go to Nando ' sTheir staff is friendly and supportive give you the best suggestions to order with correct information whether its taste or quantity .
I think it is basking on old days glory and the name it has earned after being operational for so long in that area .
Like most chains that come to India this too is disappointing .
Wouldn ' t go back there or recommend it to anyone .
Try it once , for the heck of it .
Okay so the newly opened American diner - Johnny Rockets didn ' t really touch my happy spot .
Well for a meat lover n a fan of mughal style of cooking with no fuss involved unlike a fine dine .
This place is a paradise.....
The place is nice , decently priced n the person on the counter is very polite ..
I ' ll surely be back soon .
.. Well having said that the biryani n the kebabs plus the breads can give karims a run for their money .
I went to The great kabab factory and it was worth travelling far .
..in short the place is worthy .
But the place and the food is OVER - RATED .
..was expecting much more from the place .
.. all togethergood ambiancegood foodgood servicehigh pricenot 100 % value for money .
there are better places .
Better visit Karims at Nizamuddin ( Nizamuddin only ) for a great and authentic taste of Mughlai food .
.....in an all it was a bad experience .
Try BarBeQue Nation , the food is much better and gives you better value for money .
Overall , a very BAD exprnc.
No Complimentary Beverage : ( I think Barbecue Nation is a better option : )
We visited this place last friday and that is one of the biggest mistake in terms of choosing the right place .
We wasted good amount of money and time there and end up with dissatisfaction oozing to our brim .
Just one word " wow " .
It used to be one of my favorite places of all times .
It ' s disappointing .
Pull up your socks !
Great place , great food and great hospitality !
Highly recommended place .
Total value for money .
This was one of the best ever dining experience I have had .
Definitely a must try .
Went with two of my friends as one of my friend told me this was nice restaurant and food was nice as well it ' s the name which is very old and famous .
I would give 4 / 5 as per the experience I had .
The place is nice , decently priced n the person on the counter is very polite ..
I mean real mughal style ...nazeers is the place .
But very well managed .
It was a pathetic experience .
Good food , ample serving size , good ambience...excellent service .
Just your average restaurant !
Nothing to worry when you are in Pure Punjab.....Perfect place by Lazeez Affaire !
Absolutely superb !
From ambience to servive and THE FOOD !
Super impressed with this place .
Oh this is just fine .
No razzmatazz no glitterati .
It pains me to say , but while it ' s a decent place , but not at the top of Indian dining experiences .
Went to Nando ' s as a group of 4.
Great service great food .
Ambiance , staff , everything was very nice .
Overall , 4.5 stars from my side .
... Guys ill be visiting again and again and again !
Going earlier works best - the place usually has long queues and runs mostly full both times of the day / night .
My rating would have been a big - ve if the option existed on Zomato .
Needless to say I was extremely upset throughout my visit to Nando ' s outlet at Cyber Hub .
No apologies tendered .
So I really wonder what is the hype around Nando ' s all about .
IMHO its very average food and even worse service .
Now this place is huge being in the Cyber Hub , with ample of options available .
The restaurant has huge seating area inside and a few chairs outside and still is almost always full .
Overall I just wanted to try it once but noithing spectacular that I would want to go back to .
My 3rd visit to Nandos , and I ' m saying , so what ' s all the fuss about !
May not be runnin , g back , despite the loyalty cards they are giving out now .
Enjoy
We have been long term loyal customers of Nandos from the UK and found it as good !
This one has potential to be great of they keep up the standard that they have set out to achieve .
Really nice place to hang out with friends .
The place has alot of good restaurants but i finally decided to go with Nando ' s. The place is huge and the seating is nice and comfortable .
Poor................................... , , , , , , , ,
Awesome PerI Peri chicken and very humble and active staff .
Very nice place .
Good place to hangout with friends .
Nice place to be with friends .
I had heard alot about this place and decided to finally visit NANDO ' s located at the DLF CyberHUb Gurgaon .
Maybe I had very high expectation from this place but there was no wow factor at all .
What can I say , the place is just amazing .
Went there for lunch after a long time and came out wondering why I dont go there more often .
I am not a non veg eater , still went to Nandos with some of friends who just cannot resist non veg .
In - fact whole bunch of us ( some of whom were veg ) liked the food and the service so much that it has become our preferred choice over some veg restaurant .
Hope they keep up with the quality of food and service .
Have already made 4 visits so far and will continue doing so .
Nandos in Jo ' burg is a regular joint and they have beer as well .
The Bangalore outlet was at par .
The Inorbit Mumbai was below par .
This new outlet is really fantastic and up there .
Hope they keep up with the quality of food and service .
Have been a fan for almost 6 years now .
Surely coming soon for dinner .
Its really nice to visit you .
And the management Kindly plss maintain everything as it is at present .
had heard a lot and went with expectation to have a gala time but was really disappointed with the approach of the service staff , quality of food and even the drinks being served !
!Would never recommend this place to anyone !
I finally came across Light house 13.. which fit in all my arenas..
One of the best and my favorate place to hang out .
Thumbs up for Lighthouse13 !
visited with friends on a sunday and found the music to be extremely loud and it gave all of us a headache.the sofas were shaking with the boom of the music and the interiors were dingy and so dark that we couldn ' t see each other ' s faces.complaints about both weren ' t paid any heed to .
though the food was alright , the service was slow.we left with pounding headaches from the music and sore throats from having to shout to make conversation .
Very nice place to bring a bunch of employees from work and let them run wild .
They are ' different ' and I did not have to pay for ' different ' because they gave us a package to include almost everything cept the parking .
Everytime I enjoyed alot , specially while sitting at terrace .
Advantages of the place : - Place is cozy .
Khan Chacha is one of the really good Mughlai joints in Delhi and it is one of my favourites .
Its simplicity is what we loved best .
I hope they try to maintain good quality ingredients , specially owing to how they price the rolls decently high .
I ' d heard great things about this restaurant and i have to say it definitely lived up to my expectations !
I feel like i will keep returning to this place to try all the options on the menu !
Town Hall happens to be one of the most spectacular restaurants I ' ve visited in the recent past .
The place will be buzzing once the liquor license is available .
Awesome ambiance , good music , loud enough for our ears n low enough to talk ( without shouting ) And food also meets expectation...all in all good experience .
...a big thumbs up
The space and crowd remains the best part
Visited this place for lunch today and must say the restaurant had quite a refreshing new feel to it .
One of the best concepts for a cafe place .
Definitely a recommended place to visit for great sushi and world cuisine .
.. was welcomed warmly by the hostess who helped me to locate my friends in this large and well done venue... and then it begins .
Second visit here , excellent foot specially the clay oven pizzas are too good , terrace sitting is the best and well done , menu is pretty big and good have something for very taste bud , service staff can be improved , overall experience has been grat
I thought the atmosphere and food were altogether fantastic .
I am completely in love with this brilliant place !
Its not your regular run - of - the - mill cafes providing fancy dishes !
They have a small box where you pay for your coffee / tea or for attending the event in whatever amount u like ( no minimums ) .
I have got in contact with such great minds and made such amazing friends through .
The answer is an emphatic YES !
What I found was more than my expectation .
This is my favourite restaurant .
Excellent food , excellent service and excellent ambience .
Would give them 5.0 for all .
But as I see it , it is more about the experience of visiting the place and dining their than the food itself .
The way they give an apron to cover oneself , the way their kitchen is designed with a glass wall , all adds to the experience and the fun of it .
However , one thing that I would like to object to is their new policy of not allowing children before 10 : 00 PM for dinner .
...The Dalk BukharaNon veg starters platter... Tandoori stuffed aloo.... Puduna parantha....Phirni....Oh... My appetite is back writing this review.....The service is excellent....The only thing not positive I can mention about them is the wait for table despite tables being available..Although the positives and atrength of thia legendary place can be the each item mentioned on their menu....!
!A monumental and must visit in Delhi..!!
Over all experience was not that bad but it was not as per my expectation .
This place is very popular and well known .
I for one think that there are better options on the city .
To say the truth we all felt a bit cheated after leaving the place ,
Being a member of the ITc group when one visits bukhara there are huge expectations in mind and the restaurant definitely stands on those expectations .
..and nothing great there except the Daal anyway .
These are my thoughts before I enter Bukhara everytime .
There is a reason Bukhara has stood the test of time .
..yes it is all part of the never changing decor and helps increase turnaround...but its time to give your diners a little comfort .
Heaven for every foodie ..... Superlyk food , superb ambience .... Must visit !
This place has never dissapointed and has made india proud .
It was listed in the top 50 restaurants of the world by 5 different food and lifestyle magazines .
Could not find anything lacking .
Had a perfect evening dinner with my family .
this is one of the most epic places ive been to .
surreal and awesome !
No complaints with respect to food or service .
Bad..!!
And look after their customers rather than just making business
Awsum blossom !
No words to say !
Best North Indian FoodDal Makhani And Paneer is very tasty and it is in Delhi so not far at allA place everyone should visitLove the food hereHad an awesome time
Turned out to be the most distasteful experience !
Such a bad experience never again .
I was resisting going to Bukhara - ITC Maurya for so many reasons .
Reason 1 : People say it is overrated .
Full marks to this restaurant.http : / / peeyooshkaushikphotography.blogspot.in /
Well , there is a reason why everyone seems to be crazy about this place !
What a place .
Seriously what a place !
From the lovely location .
It just turned out to be a very creative place for me .
It ' s a perfect place for a quiet evening .
First time dine here n we r so happy n please .
All of them in perfect balance .
Will coming more now .
Not Recommended at all
Just 3 words 4 this place - Crap , crap , crapFood is completely pathetic.i wouldn ' t even breakup the rating coz i am confused about the worst thing about this restaurant .
A good place to hang out , well priced but limited options for vegetarians compared to some other Oriental restaurants in the city .
Its a must tryHighly recommended .
this place is my wife ' s favorite , so whenever we go khan mkt , she gotta eat there .
and i dont mind it either , great fine dine ambience.little load of steps to climb , but really good chinese food to eat.
Sidewok is a nice experience altogether .
The entry is well - lit and easily accessible , and there no is problem in finding the restaurant as there ' s a big board announcing it at the start of middle lane .
This outlet was much better than its CP outlet .
Great work .
Every time I visit delhi , I make it a point to visit this place .
Overall an amazing place for a great mughlai dinner .
You know at first glance that this is not a place for a " food snob " but a haven for true blue foodie .
Great job .
The Place doesnt seem to catch your fancy much , as its a Plain Eat at Roadside & amp ; Takeaway kind of a Place .
A family favourite .
The place is renovated and is pretty decent for having snacks and drinks !
Till the 1990s when the number of top class , high - end restaurants serving good Chinese food in Delhi was relatively low , Golden Dragon was considered a classy upscale restaurant where families like mine used to go on special occasions .
During lunch hours the place has turned into a watering hole for people working in offices in Hauz Khas .
This place is highly recommended .
The store is nothing more than a fairy tale and all items are so neatly placed .
My favourite bakery in cyber hub has to be Angels in my Kitchen .
On and on a good bakery in a good cozy ambience serving in the corner of cyber hub joints .
The Angels in their kitchen seem to be snoozing or on vacation for sometime !
Come on guys ; you can do a lot better .
I really liked the place .
Strikers is one of those rare places in Delhi where you can always have fun whether it is a weekday or a weekend .
.But overall worth it for sure .
Striker is one of the most known Pub in Delhi & amp ; Gurgaon .
I am very frequent visitor of striker ' s. This one is situated in VK , Delhi.
They have happy hours wherein they offer buy one get one on IMFL..The DJ at this place is one of the best DJ ' s found in a Pub..
Aa joint for lovers or a beautiful hangout place .
Just on the road a Mega Structure wid three malls and two luxury hotels is like a diamond in the golden ring .
Hard Rock famous for its hard rock music , ambience , food and a very different type of staff service .
I was impressed .
Awesome ambience , music , service and food .
Geoffrey ' s has always been my favorite place to dine at .
A must try indeed !
My expectations were much higher .
Felt like they were doing a favour serving food .
I ' d say , if you had to take your office colleagues or your ' serious ' uncle along , I would recommend this place .
Decent one !
I had come down here a few days back and I really loved it .
I now have new pub to chill out at on Saturday night .
: D - - - - - 29 Sep , 2012 - - - - - One of the best pubs I have been to in a long time .
Everyone loves this place !
First things first , how about considering your name changed to JOFFREY ( the most hated character in Game of Thrones ) as both of you work hard to make people annoyed of you .
Cool place , cool staff , nice food .
Pros - Good food , Good service , Good ambience .
To be honest I had high expectations from Nandos after having Nandos in other parts of world .
Trust me this place does fill up quick !
Others - 2.0Ambience - 3.0Service - 3.0Value for Money - 3.5Overall - 3.
Amazing place .
This is the place to be .
Excellent food , value for money .
Made it a point to have nando ' s on every subsequent visit .
Now i was a very happy soul when i got to know they have opened in gurgaon .
The best Coffee Shake in town ( or should I just say the world ) ... Great decor , great food
.not great .
All in all a good place to hangout .
And a wonderful experience all together for a disabled person .
Take my advice ; visit the place once in a month so that you don ' t get bored .
Itz good
I didnt liked this kfc much
Thumps up from my side .
The food , service , taste everything was horrible .
Maybe that should give you an idea how bad a place can be .
What a disaster .
Overall an horrible experience .
Please refrain even if this is the only option for food .
Overall : good place to go but should be really hungry to try everything
Awesome place for a corporate outing..
.would highly recommend to those who love to EAT DRINK AND TALK at the same time .
..Would love to visit again very soon .
The over hyped place in village dese days .
V ol happily enter .
But then upon entering also , we are asked to wait for another 5 min so that the people sitting before us can pay their bill .
Overall my rating - 2.5 / 5Keep socialising ppl !
A perfect place to spend your evening .
Suggestion : take a stroll before selecting a seat .
A nice place .
Recommended for once .
I simply love this place .
Went on friday late evening , was crowed as expected .
Karim ' s is very famous among foodies for its quality of food but believe me I don ' t like their service and ambience .
I would recommend this only for the taste but not for the good time .
The gentry is always very much mixed .
Oooooffffssssss....again a big name and a flop show..never expected that .
With a so hyped name nothing great about it .
Had an awful experience at this place .
He said I ' ll cancel your order but please don ' t tell anybody .
I never expected this type of mistake from such a big and popular restaurant .
This was one lunch I will not forget for a long time .
It was easily one of the best lunches I have ever had .
I will definitely go back here every time I ' m in CP
Superb !
So it is a great place for peaceful date .
Awesome everything .
Loved it !
Had to wait for like an hour to enter and the wait was worth the wait .
Good experience .
Must visit place .
Every one should visit this outlet at least once !
Try it here .
If you around CP , must visit this place .
A must visit place for South Indian food lovers .
Apart from this point it was a pretty decent experience .
I just love coming here : - ) awesome dosas , : - )
Let it be a family or a group of friends , the place is amazing to hang out and have a good meal at low costs .
It is always filled so one needs to have some time and patience in hands before going there .
Been here twice...n both of the times , heavy waiting.. so that in itself kind of describes the awesomeness of this place .
Went der at nyt around 9 bt had to wait till 10 for seats .
..but den i hear it is a famous place .
..cannot comment .
.different people have different taste.. .
Surprisingly , the entire restaurant was empty and we were the only ones at 9 : 30PM .
Great cafe .
overall gud
just amazing..Thanks alot ?
I may not go again , considering that there are a zillion options around .
Sitting in the waiting area with my grandparents with an estimated wait of one hour duration .
The reviews promise it should be worth the wait .
Damn hope it is !
Customer alert : be careful if you are coming on a Sunday .
Great place with good food .
Worth a visit.. .
NEVER go here !
only name no nothing !
For those who love Delhi for it ' s old places , this is one place that will add flavour to your life after you ' ve visited the narrow streets of chandni chowk .
If in Delhi , visit this place once , then visit it again and again .
Had heard a lot about this place , thanks to zomato and a couple of friends .
Juzz awsum !
Been there many times with ma uncle and again I go back for more !
Keep it up guyzz !
...ALL ARE SUPERB.... .
Cool place to be !
Seeing the high rating like 4.4 on zomato , I and my fried went to this place with very high expectations .
We were warm welcomed by a lady and were suggested the sofa to comfort with .
Rest all was very much unexpected and weird .
So overall we cudn ' t eat all and was disappointed in our self to make wrong choice .
I love these really cool , urbane , hip places coming up in Ahmedabad .
It should be interesting to visit this place again when it ' s nini ' s kitchen .
...don ' t go .
..you will be disappointed , But !
All in all I must say this is a place that i would recommend as a must visit .
Overall it ' s a total package .
I loved it .
Pan - Asian food at it ' s best , co - operative staff , good music .
One of the finest restaurants I have come across in pure veg category .
Everything about Kaidi Kitchen is impeccable..
The service , food , value for money , ambience .
I loved it and plan to take my family there soon .
First of its kind .
Loved the concept of eating in a cellFriendly staffGood food .
One of the worst experiences i have had since the time i started visiting resturants .
When we arrived they gave us a area which has been designed as a jail cell .
However when i asked the steward to change our table he said that they do not have any table avaliable at the moment .
Resturants being so commercial that they do not think about the comfort of the customer are an absolute no no no .
I liked the concept !
A must visit place !
The nomadic caravan like decor , the service , the food - U can actually complain on nothing about this place !
Awesome quality of food , nice ambience and proper food serving etiquettes - these are the most important things based on which the quality of this restro can be determined !
This place in salt lake city centre was unknown to me a few years back but friends of mine suggested it to be quite something .
In spite of that , a great place !
Good .
Will visit again .
Will definitely recommend .
They have made a genuine effort to make sure that the ambience and the food are well matched .
Otherwise overall a fairly enjoyable meal .
Hope to visit again .
This is one classy joint .
Give it a try .
______________Updates : i went back again for a bite .
Taxes on drinks bit us badly : (
Friendly staff , authentic afghani ambience , good food .
A must visit
Excellent ambiance and great food .
This places impresses on many fronts .
Thus , you can have your peace of mind and your conversations with no external factor playing a role .
Nothing special about it .
i love dis place
Unsure why this place is trending in the top list .
Nothing really special apart from a regular bar .
Disappointed !
...Did not find any girls in this place and tharkey type men looming around .
Once it was a favourite place for our group .
Good place .
Worst place to visit if u r with cousin .
... wil surely go back the next weekend.
Awesome place compared to all the other places in adarsh nagar , raja park
You may choose other place but for a normal hangout with friends , its good .
The ambience , service , food and hospitality was top notch !
must visit
Alternatively you can opt for a takeaway .
.awesome place to go wid family and friends ..the beveragrs could have been better .
The staircase to this place on first floor of N block , outer circle , CP would give you an impression that it is some regular and tiny place .
The staircase to this place on first floor of N block , outer circle , CP would give you an impression that it is some regular and tiny place .
Much enjoyment was had at High Ultra Lounge .
I may not go again , considering that there are a zillion options around .
Probably I could have rated it better if it wasn ' t for lunch that I was looking for .
to me its a brand
Definitely must visit if you are in Hyderabad .
Accidentally stepped in to Khaan Saab and what a pleasant surprise it was !
But i ll go there again and drool over just the ambiance and the kebabs !
To go place to impress to someone who you really want to impress
To sum it up it ' s a wonderful place to go especially with that special someone .
We were here on of our early dates in delhi and had a superb experience !
!Recommended to visit with special person and special occasions !
We went on our wedding anniversary and it was probably the best decision .
Loved the food , ambience , service and decor .
Would love to visit again sometime for a dinner .
The gate opened and it felt like we ' re stepping into some other world .
Their variety of kfc and the way they prepare the meal is perfect , as per one ' s taste and to suit the Indian Taste .
Lovely & amp ; awesome
Horrible night , worst experience in Pune .
Hands down one of the best pizza spots in the suburbs .
The place is just like a regular pizza spot , nothing too flashy and almost always there is a significant waiting time to get seated but the waiting is worth it as the quality makes up for it .
Joeys is a small place .
..but don ' t go by its size , oh no !
Awesome place .
..n worth every penny !
It ' s basically a good place to order from if you stay nearby .
Liked it !
I guess I will prefer a home delivery from next timeThanks for the meal
Over all I enjoyed the food and would love to go again .
Good for late night eats .
The wait is worth it .
If you hate pizza , try this place you ' ll change your mind .
So my best bet would be to order at home !
Joey ' s is way better than any mainstream pizza places .
Joey ' s special was the best !
Yautcha is easily the top three Restaurants in Bombay for me .
Have been there around 20 times and never been dissapionted .
Superb ambience and very well trained staff .
Thank you for keeping the standards .
But overall a great place .
Man - this is easily in my top 5 restaurants in Mumbai .
If you haven ' t been to Yauatcha - I envy you - because you are in for a real treat !
The Best Place In Mumbai To Eat Chinese Dishes .
Perfect Dinner for one .
So I have been to yauatcha many times but I decided to review it today .
Def going back there again .
We visited the restaurant after hearing much buzz about it from friends..first thing booking is a must because the place was full even on a weekday late night .
Yauatcha is easily one of my favourite restaurants .
Having been a regular there since its inception , I try out at least one new dish each time I dine there , and have still not managed to try everything thanks to its vast menu .
Maintaining consistency is no easy task and they have mastered its art .
I give Yauatcha a full 5.0 Rating because it delivers fantastic food , great service , a wonderful ambience with comfortable seating and ample parking .
Would recommend this to anyone and everyone !
Been here a few times already and this place has never been a let down .
I would recommend a reservation if you plan to go on a weekend or in large groups .
We usually go in early or else you may have to wait at the bar for a while which isn ' t too bad either .
I am sure you won ' t eat them anywhere else in the city after your visit .
We reached there without a reservation in a Saturday night .
Will recommend it to anyone who loves authentic Chinese cuisine .
Not a good experience for vegetarians .
Thank you .
This is officially my fav .
An awesome place for a group of friends to hangout .
I did not expect this place to be quite upmarket until I reached there .
This place surely attracts one of the best crowd from the city .
The right time to hit the place is 11 pm on weekends .
If you are planning on having fun , this definitely is NOT the place to go !
If you want to just hang out and hav drinks it ' s really nice place .
My first visit to townhouse and am glad i went there .
What a place to celebrate ur birthday .
Awesome restaurant which is mewly opened in C.P and it is by warehouse .
Nice place , nice music , good food , overall a good place to hangout.... .
Amazing place !
The outlet is famous for its Parasi and Mumbai , snacks and drinks .
Quite satisfactory nd a must visit place .
Especially when a Mumbaiite like me has come from the Jimmy Boys and Iranian cafes of the city .
I ' ll give full points to this place .
Awesome place .
Double thumb up .
I ' ve been to this place about 6 - 7 times and have enjoyed the experience everytime .
Good for a lazy afternoon brunch or early evening snacks or even dinner .
Its one of my top options when visiting cyber hub .
Went here on a Saturday evening and had to wait for about an hr .
Definitely worth it !
It really pinched me the money I wasted in Urban Asia .
It ' s just show off and I would say " All fart and no shit " .
If you want just show off and don ' t bother about the taste then Urban Asia is a the place .
.overall nice food but I wouldn ' t say that its a VFM , still good food at a good price : ) One thing , please book table before visiting.
The drinks and cocktails repertoire is enviable and with such good food and great live music , you ' ll land downing a few more than you planned .
Not a big waoowww... but its a good place
I do remember having enjoyed my meal and the experience , overall .
So , my recommendation is : Go !
A perfect place that suites every occasion .
Quality looks upmarket .
Team is so happy to be there and will be visiting soon once again .
Disappointing : - (
This made me think twice before going in to this place on a Saturday night and had to back off .
Mozarella , name sounds nice .
And it holds true in this case .
Food : 2 / 5 ; ambience : 3.5 / 5 ; service : 2.5 / 5
Overall it was a fair experience .
When we reached , we were told by the concierge on the ground floor that we might not find a free table and the place is full , but were free to go check - and we did .
This one lived up to my expectations !
Absolutely loved it .
The pink color looked beautiful .
May be next time !
...Its simple....just d presence of a parsibaba restaurant in gurgaon makes me visit this place again and again .
....All in all a must visit .. .
Excellent .
Food , ambiance , service - Everything calls for multiple visits
The place is very to locate just near the Amphitheater in Cyberbub .
As not many place in Delhi have Hukka or Sheesha to offer .
We decided to Try ' White Waters ' .Its a nice restro with the outdoor seating , opp .
In short , I loved the place and its a nice spot to sit and chill out with friends / Family .
This place is quite famous..but i personally didn ' t like it at all .
a bit messy
Great place to hangout with friends , excellent beer , good food and great ambiance.
Terrific place with just about the right mix of everything !
Overall lacks on the basics .
Recommended for sure .
I plan to visit there in the evening and enjoy having food outside in the setup they have .
And since then the menu has mostly been stagnant except just a few handful new dishes that have been grudgingly introduced by the chef .
One of the best restaurants I hoisted awesome food highly recommended a bit expensive but totally worth it loved their food
Great atmosphere and good food is all I asked and it ' s what I get from this restaurant .
loved it !
Don ' t try eating food here , else you ' ll have to get it packed for your pets .
It was a great experience overall .
People who love to relax after the work with some nice hookah and food air lounge is the best place to go !
It could be better !
You will have a very good evening with friends !
Air Lounge is the perfect place to unwind .
Good music , tastefully done interiors , awesome food , amazing sheesha and perfect service .
Even though its fairly new , it is clearly turning out to be the best hangout place for the sheesha lovers .
Good in olden days .
Now a shady joint !
If you want to rock from your toes to head , this is the right place for you .
Overall it was a nice experience !
Quantity was alright but there is a huge need for improvement in the quality of food & amp ; their service .
Overall : a 3 out of 5.
Still , it is one of those restaurants one should visit ( even if only once ) in the city .
This is the second time i visited Crackling Mustard and like always i was not at all disappointed .
Overall another very good experience .
Highly recommended .
Really happy with the consistency they maintain in terms of quality and never hesitated giving reference to my friends and nobody was disappointment for the same so far .
This is a place to be surely visited once you are in guwahati !
Shiv Sagar is simply great .
Economic , lots of variety , great taste .
Recommended .
Lovely ambience with amazing food .
Had been there a couple weeks .
I jus feel in luv with the place .
the decor , the place , the food .
That ' s the place am going to with my gal.. wen I have one ; )
What the heck....
Hi All , One of the finest place to hangout with your friends .
You ll just love to be here .
Wow Loved it .
And you can spend the time as long as you can .
personally felt great being here .
Gud , nice place to relax
A not so good Hookah + mosquitoes .
I would have given this domino ' s a higher rating but my experiences here stopped me to do so .
Trust me very slow .
.. dont spoil ur name in peoples mind specially who r foodie like us .
Domino ' s Pizza upto a few years back was very inventive and their pizza ' s were loaded with stuff .
Domino ' s is no longer a good choice .
Not bad but nothing to rave about .
A good experience overall , but be warned , the place isn ' t youngster friendly what with families crowding the place and a restriction on stag entries .
Nice place in the heart of Delhi .
All in all a good place .
Disappointment !
That alone is enough for time spent there .
Our one hour lunch quickly became three hours .
Would recommend.
; I would recommend this to a friend .
It was just fine .
The bill slapped at the end makes u feel , that u have been robbed.. .
Ya it is a good place !
And their lies the problem and Indira nagar is littered with hundreds of these places where they serve good food with good ambience , live music and stuff .
But they are missing something .
Go here
If u go with family and friends means u can enjoy the food .
You know instead of all this , the best advice is Just don ' t bother going here , it a total mess .
must visit for sea food lovers..!
It is one of the best restaurants I have been to in long time .
I would really like to visit this place again .
This is my 2am place .
.. late night visits with cousins have only and only been hereIts a classy place where you will love the silence.. the ambience , crowd even at any hour of the day .
Never disappoints you !
Still the best place for me in Taj
A place to be if u wanna have a gooood time
Went to this place for a quick drink last night which was a Monday .
Found the place to be vet lively for a Monday evening .
Every thing is supervised to meet the high standards set .
Go without any expectations , and you ' ll step out with a big smile and fond memories .
Guys u do a good Job there .
Ideal place to be in with freinds....
Thursday a good day to go .
I like their brunches as well good variety and decent entertainment....... Keep up the good work will visit again .
.m goin wid a generous 3 / 5 for dis place , good but not enough.
Had been one of our favorite haunts for the last decade or so .
...is a tremendous feeling that cannot be described in words , and probably that is why I would still visit the place in times to come .
An overhyped place .
The concept attracted me to the place but it did not sit well with the overall atmosphere .
This is the right choice .
The restaurant shall evaluate making portions for one person only along with decreasing the rates .
ok food , ok place , ok staff , ok deco , just ok !
!seriously.....just ok .
..could have been better .
....however one thing the authorities should look into is the non functioning escalator thats reqd to be rode to reach the restaurant.....a trouble for the aged....hope dat gets sorted quickly .
A must visit again .
Visited last night for family dinner .
Nice ambience and quality food and reasonable too .
Overall good experience .
Good place for a Friday \ Saturday night .
Great place to hang - out on weekends .
Delightful every time .
A must !
I have been here twice .. once with my girlfriends ..birthday celebrations and the second time when we had to bid farewell to one of our collegues.. this place served us right on both the occassions .
It is rather one of my favourite joints out there in CP .
To sum up Good cozy ambience , yummy food , music taste okayish
Well , let ' s say it is a famous place .
I would definitely recommend if you intend to sit outside , else avoidable.
Overall good decor , good food , nice music.... Open space at the terrace too .
... Worth a try ; )
....still feeling rejuvenated to visit one more time .
...classic place to hangout.. .
Ambiance More than Awesome , Prices Are Reasonable .
Hot millions is one of the oldest eating joint not only in sector - 17 but all across chandigarh and from time the place has evolved it self for good to better .
I always make it a point that I visit Hot Millions when ever I visit the city beautiful Chandigarh.. .
A big fan of this place from a very long timeThe food they offer has a unique taste which hasn ' t changed in decades .
I ' m dying to have one while writing this .
Everyone should try it at least once , because you won ' t be able to resist it further on .
Great job , keep going strong !
Plus , I LLOOOOVVEE Starbucks to the core .
I can have it anytime anyday !
I wont ever get bored of it .
Still , good to try .
Try this outlet .
It might become your favorite ; )
My friends and I went for a brunch .
Overall a good restaurant in the area .
Ambience s really good food is lil expensive .
Keeping aside Service , professionalism and peace of mind , the Ambience is very chic and lively , seating is comfortable and the menu is very extensive , the mocktails are served in a unique manner unlike Chennai in Glass jars and bottles .
Great place to go for special occasions .
Keep up the good work
One hell of an amazing place ?
amazing food , nice place to hangout , fine in here coz it ' s one of the best places I have visited ?
Like wise , the place was good and the food was decent .
However , we didn ' t experience anything worth recommending or mentioning .
Great experience : )
Very close to the airport and far for people in the Vaishali Nagar area but the place is so good that the distance doesn ' t matter .
Yes , definitely .
Awesome place .
.one of the must go places in jaipur
Little italy happens to be one of my all time favourite italian restaurants .
An apt place for having a nice romantic date .
I later lost my appetite when I came to know it is a veg restaurant .
Would have rated 5 if it had non veg and wine .
Superb...ambience , food , service all are good .
This is an amazing place .
A must go place .
.Overall I ' ll rate 4.5 out of 5 .
Will visit again : ) loved it
A Must visit place .
... A compulsory visit place for family times .
this place is awesome ..great ambience .
Go for it .
Place is very nice to chill out with friends
Good place to be !
Well Penthouse is the place where you just have to go and relax with partying hard .
One of the best place to hangout late night .
Exquisite and awesome .
I was very excited to go for the first time but I wasn ' t very impressed .
Club : one of the most happening clubs of Chennai .
Best day to be present is on a Saturday , which is the commercial night .
Flip side : the restaurant turn into a club on week ends , the two bar counter are always crowded so getting a drink is kind of tough .
Dont go with high expectations to high .
It is a nice place but you barely feel you are on the 32nd floor .
.. with really amazing musicAnd fusion food .
I was visiting delhi and I ' m so glad I came here !
Nice ambiance and drinks .
Definitely a must visit if you are in this side of delhi !
Pyramid like place , formerly MOS a lot of year back , now a really fresh change .
Very urban and chilled out .
Liked whats dome with the place .
A must visit place nice hang out with a huge space and good fresh and new ideas to serve drinks and food and service also pretty good .
All in all a good hang out for youngsters .
Keep it up and nice work
A superbly rocking place in Pune .
There are two bars : one inside and one out .
A must visit place !
Perfect place to spend a peaceful evening with your partner .
I just want to visit this place every weekend !
Amazing view and ambience , excellent service and mouth watering food .
They r trying to hype up the place by showing off their attitude .
A place to be for fun evening .
A must try party place in Pune : )
A must visit place .
Decent place .
But something I didn ' t like was the fact that it charges an entry , not a cover..
Overall , nice place to chill out .
Quite good ?
Love it .
.This place is awesome.. : )
They should open their branches in other cities too .
..Good place
Great food and ambience with a beautiful view of Bangalore City .
Will go back to this place everytime i go bangalore
Love this place !
It never disappoints .
Very good place .
Good place to try Street food without compromising hygiene .
I had been with my family on my b ' day and had very bad experience .
I can ' t suggest the place to anyone .
.. May be u can try another spot for our special moments .
Will not recommend it to anyone .
An awesome place to be .
Thanks to Mr. Tapan Chakravarty and his team our party was real fun...
This place has a good ambiance with great music , nice place ti chit chat and have some great food .
Thanks for a memorable experience .
I loved the place starting from the ambience to the quality of food to the food service .
We came to this place and it was quite awesome .
However the experience was neutral .
this place is very famous..though i guess a bit over rated .
.. i enjoyed my visit.. : )
Worst experience ever !
Hard Rock Cafe is so overrated , I understood it when I visited .
Was excited ( not anymore ) to be at this place EXOTICA .
A rooftop restaurant with good food quality service and nice view .
This is one of the oldies in Delhi .
Can try it out once .
Gulati restaurant tops my list when it comes to North Indian nd mughlai food .
My family is huge fan of this restaurant nd we manage to dine here atleast twice a month !
Alwayz satisfying .
A good place for family
They got it all .
.Been visiting pandara road since i was a kid.. ?
And every visit was a great experience .
This place is just too good .
Nice choice for great occasions .
I am sorry but I am not one of the many that is enamoured of Chutney Chang .
Not sure y this is 2nd position in trending
Cheers ,
I love this place .
But make sure to get reservation coz th place gts crowded .
Mind blowing food & amp ; cozy ambience .
Only positive things to say !
Definitely going to visit this place soon !
I had heard quite a bit about this place , so decided to visit it on the special occasion of our anniversary .
I must say , it was better than I had hoped for .
Had been here for a team lunch , nothing great to write about .
I regret about the fact that I ' d visited the place for brunch and not for dinner as I felt the whole ambience would have been much more better during the evening I will definitely visit it again .
I will rate my experience below ; Food - 3 / 5Service - 4 / 5Ambience - 5 / 5Value for Money - 4 / 5
My first visit was owesome but I don ' t know what happen when second time we went der service was not gud n we complaint for something but waiter didn ' t respond n food was all cold .
Visited this place couple of times I feel awesome when ever visited this because of the ambience provided.and i love the food mostly liked is chicken kheema .
Overall a great experience .
...overall is a good place of eating out .
.but truly speaking was a little disappointed.
overall ...hilsa festival nothing great.
This is for luxury dining and for Bengali food lovers .
It was hot and hence we were feeling uncomfortable , we ordered food and once we started having that we forgot the temperature outside as the food was delicious .
Authentic delicious Bengali cuisines , fantastic ambience , friendly staff with their good service .
I love this place everytime in a new way I visit here .
On the whole you will have a great experience here .
This is a favourite one of mine .
I recommend this to all to please come and try it .
A place for Bengali food loves and even those who do not like it much are also sure to fall in love with it .
One of the best restaurants in kolkata .
The decour , the music , the food everything was amazing .
" But trust me this restaurant is a class apart .
Looking foreward to my next visit here .
Loved Dining at this Restaurant , Must to visit such a lovely place during monsoons or candle lyt dinners .
Calcutta has an exquisite menu , decor and service making it the best destination for Bengali food .
Urban Asia is truly a brilliant dining experience .
The place was packed when we entered but we chose to take seats by the bar .
This place is a good mix of ambiance and delicious food .
I was amazed at the attention to detail .
Worth a try !
We then were invited back to the bar , had a drink with the owner and ended up having a fabulous evening with filled with great conversation .
What more could I have asked for !
There might be many Asian restaurants in the city , but I would come back again to this one for how special my dining experience was .
Urban asia... My experience here was good .
What a place !
Superb ambience , great food and out of the world service .
We went for a reunion and one of had a fast that day , she was supposed to eat just fried potatoes with no salt .
And I have always stepped out satisfied with this place .
Oh great place for a fantastic dinner .
Very much appreciated .
Surely recommend this place for a good dinner .
I think this place beats the regular , mainstream pizza chains by a very huge margin when it comes to variety , quantity of toppings , quality of cheese used and the freshness of the breads .
kUDDOS TO THE OWNER .
Its the best to go in winter.. as summer it ' s tooooo hot and rainy season the place shuts downThe beauty of the place is worth experiencing : )
I actually wanted to rate this place 1 but their decor , ambience and music earned them 1.5 .
Just awsome !
Great experience .
good food , great service , good prices .
If you are looking for a table on saturday night and a happening place .
This is the place to be .
I am pretty sure once they start serving their brewed beer , places like TOIT and all will be given a run for their money .
A fantastic place to visit : )
This place is going places pretty soon .
..Definitely will come back soon !
Good job !
Will recommend it to others !
Stared visiting for lunch recently and gone there for 4 or 5 times .
!My friends n I were very hungry and happened to visit this place on a Saturday afternoon .
I have been a regular customer of this place since 2001 .
Good for an alternative if you are bored of the standard pizza places .
..Nothing great .
Unnecessarily hyped place
nice place .
bt overall nice experience
Over hyped..
The person on the phone responded that it is walk in culture and no bookings are accepted on the phone .
Have been to this place many times .
Used to be good .
But go there only for the ambience and the drinks .
Undoubtedly the prettiest place to be .
Perfect place for a romantic dinner .
Overall , a place worth a one - time visit .
Have been to this place many times .
Would not recommend the place .
I went there with my family n would like to tell u guys about their service this time .
Idiots
We visited this restaurant on a Saturday eve with our friends .
Over rated .
Mark this place on your wish list .
The place is so crowded that you may feel as if people have gathered for a mass ( especially in evening ) .
I have been to this place many many times and it is always a delight and worth the travel .
Visit this in evening between 7 - 8 PM to be part of foodie flood .
Food quality n quantity with ambience is good .
I will surely visit this place again : - D
Surely going there again soon
One of my most visited hunger point .
I was here with my friends to grab some bites .
( Yes , No other words ) The place is well lit and management is well friendly .
But u have to wait a for a long tym to get in thre....as this place is always crowded....bt I mst say crowd is too secy .
The place is for youngsters And college going people since its not too harsh on the pocket .
A place really close to my heart .
Lots of talking and eating to do : )
Big Chill holds legendary status when talked about by the hordes of Delhi foodies and it ' s good .
But I ' d be lying if I didn ' t say that there is an element of hype to the legend .
The ambience of the restraint is horrible , the service is very slow .
Crowded place .
Been on my wish - list for a while .
This place scores even before entering inside , the Blue door it is !
They serve good pizzas , soups , pastas , dogs , booze , etc which will surely bring me back to explore this place .
Thumbs Up & amp ; Cheers !
There are so many interesting food options , that ' ll I ' ll have to make many more visits to try them all , and I totally intend to do so .
The place is just amazing .
You will find young people of the age group 18 - 26 which makes it a very happening place .
I would recommend you to go early here on d weekends as it gets really full very fast !
My overall experience here was good !
This place has been on my wishlist for a long time now .
Had to wait for a table for quite some time on a Saturday afternoon but it was worth the wait .
A fun place to chill out at any point of the day .
If you ' re wallet is light but looking for a nice place for a date , a hangout or chill time , Candies is apt .
Very affordable and delicious range of food items , amicable staff , great crowd , great music , good location .
Amazing ambience and good hangout
Nice place to hangout and enjoy with friends .
Especially liked the way they have tried to make maximum utilisation of the property by keeping it intact .
This place has been my hangout for a long long time .
We usually end up at candies for lunch .
Though i wont rate it too high , its a place best visiting for all .
Have been to this place twice .
The first time was new year ' s eve , and the second on a Karaoke night ( Wednesdays ) .
Moreover , this is also your ticket to see Mumbai ' s real estate situation personified - cramped seating , limited space to move around .
Yeah , that bad .
I visited here just few days back on my engagement anniversary day and I would say I really had a wonderful time here .
Superb place with best combination of ambiance and food with a quick service .
I would definitely visit again .
All the readers do visit !
A must visited place in pune
Location and the view works for Atmosphere 6.
Apart from the name nothing is good .
Have been to Atmosphere 6 a couple of times with family and friends .
This place is specially for the youngsters and not for people who prefer the traditional punjabi stuff .
Visited this place last week with my wife to celebrate her birthday and was frankly disappointed by the overall experience .
Though our initial experience in terms of being ushered to our ( reserved ) table was good , unfortunately , that was the beginning of our disappointment .
While cost cutting is a good idea per se , being stingy is a different ball game altogether .
Last but not the least , if you looking for a quiet place to spend a romantic evening with a loved one , give this place a skip .
Until next time , adios.. .
Worst food and horrible service .
Good and decent place for family and small group or friends .
Every single time I ' ve called them I haven ' t been able to make a reservation .
Guess you guys are struck off my ever wanting to come to you list .
This place is really well done .
But guys the msg is not welcome : (
Nice everything fine .
Excellent !
Excellent .
Must try place .
...overall a good experience
Better than Domino ' s and Pizza Hut .
That made me realize that a large percentage of revenue must be from home deliveries .
Better for delivery than dine in .
This place is a pizza delight !
Cheers .
its totally worth visiting .
I swear by Joey ' s Pizza to all my friends ( and let me say those who have tried it have never been disappointed ) .
Joey ' s gives all the big pizza outlets a run for their money and even beats most of them .
My only complaint is that they just have 2 outlets and that is kinda a let down if you dont live in either Malad or Andheri .
Order one home .
Its quick , hassle free and easy on your pockets .
Been here loads and loads of times .
If you wannaa get over Dominos smokins , this is the place to go .
Good pizzas , nice taste , nice variety and prompt service .
..Do visit once , you will surely relish your Pizza.
Visited here last Friday during dinner time , had such a great time .
Had been here twice with colleagues .
Prior Reservation is a must as they are always fully booked .
The best in market , try it once before you die : )
Overpriced , bad food , place has potential but the bad service spoils it - avoid at any cost !
A good place to hit some sheeshas if u haven ' t smoked one for a long time .
But if you are going there with your family or with your girlfriend please avoid it .
Drizzle was great place to relax during the week end .
Mugshot is inside jewel square mall which is still not renovated completely .
whole day happy hours - get 1 drink free on 2 drinks .
On the top floor of a still unfinished commercial building is The Mughsot Lounge .
Mugshot is minimalistic in design with a lot of neon fixtures , a DJ console and a dance floor specifically to attract hard party lovers who shall shake the night out on the floor .
Great food with awesome place .
I have one complain though - they do not take bookings for days in advance .
This has been my 4th attempt to reserve a table for 2 , and have not been successful .
When reaching there i manage to get a table for 4 after waiting for 10 mins .
So i guess its better to walking then call them .
Do try it .
This place is specially for Thai lovers !
Just a very important notice , if you are going to this place for the very first time please make a reservation and go , otherwise you would end up eating and drinking at the bar which is very uncomfortable !
Must try once !
Interesting cuisine of the Burmese with a great ambiance .
The only thing that I did not like was the 1 week wait to get a table due to their small restaurant .
I would definitely go again to try their wide variety of foods will and suggest it to others !
Thank you for the amazing experience !
Overhyped !
It ' s very difficult to get a reservation...but the place is small so i dont blame them .
We were here today celebrating a friends birthday .
If i have to sum it up it was an average experiance for me .
You should check " busaba " for how they make their khao suey .
Soon as you get inside , the familiar Italian fragrance welcomes you .
Now that ' s something which says ' Bon Apetite ' in every language .
True to it ' s name , Little Italy offers you everything you can possibly expect at an Italian restaurant .
It seems nice to see that they want you to have a good time as much as you want to !
Lovely experience : ) You should go there sooner than later if the thought of Italian food makes you restless : )
A perfect destination for the Italian enthusiasts .
Very very good
Love this place .
No doubt the best .
You have to visit
Awesome place !
Its a nice and warm place to be !
I like this place a lot .
Been here thrice and tried a variety of their pastas..
Loved them all .
very nice italiano bistro if you devour vegan italian cuisine.
i guess its run by jains which makes it jain friendly too
If there was ever a restaurant that was aptly named , it was definitely this one .
Little Italy will provide you the best Italian food possible when you are in this country .
Believe me , better is coming .
I would visit this place again and again just so that I can taste every single thing on the menu
It was a veggie season and the offering here are limited .
Nice .
Great food , lovely ambience
Well if you are a foodie and you like different food , then this is the place .
I went to this place reading its reviews over zomato , and trust me every word turned out to be true .
Must go for everyone .
Good job
All in all a very pleasant experience would definitely come back .
Absolutely loved our experience .
Fabulous restaurant , exquisite food and flavours , impecable service .
One of those restaurants you save the 5 * for.
worth it !
Will go back again
Average .
Relatively new in Hyderabad but this cafe is gaining momentum midst the rooftops .
A giant screen ensures you won ' t miss out on any sports action .
A Friday night outing here will ensure a cool start to the weekend .
Air is sure one of the best lounges in city .
For people who are aware of many Hyderabadi places , Air is a potential competitor to OTM , just with better management , more affordable food and sheesha ( and even more once they get their official alcohol license ) .
It can be rented out for exclusive private parties and corporate get - togethers also which is a plus !
Do drop by for a ' let down your hair evening ' ..
This might be the next hip party place soon .
The biggest lounge cum hookah place i saw here .
nice time pass
Finding Olive Bistro is tough .
This restaurant is not elderly - friendly ( way too many steps to climb ) .
So , if you are thinking of a family lunch or dinner , you ' d better consider one of the other restaurants .
But then again , if it was a Pizza that I wanted , there sure are better places to go to than this one .
Olive Bistro did not impress at all .
Never going back to this place again !
Actually....it was the worst decision to hve food at tao...we planned for a team lunch here .
Dominos Vaishali !
Best Lounge Of Chandigarh !
Cool !
I had a great experience .
It was good .
To try the other dishes
Good Music , Bad Service , Not so great Food .
The ambiance is good but the main services you look forward to when you party at a place of this caliber is service and the quality of food .
i was disappointed in both regards .
They have a disco & amp ; a diner right behindSo entered to have dinner first .
Nothing to complain about .
Food experience was way betterGood luck guys
It is indeed one of the best clubs in chandigarh .
Just one bite and believe you me , you ' re bound to melt in your seat engrossed in the delicate touch of the perfectly cooked meat and the perfect combination of everything that is in it !
I have been to tao last time for a party .
HRC offers various varieties of burgers here that I ' d love to try , but I ' d become pauper if ever do that .
I have enjoyed a lot dere .
You must try this
... you will not find better place than TAO for Japanese & amp ; Thai .
Its just awesome : - )
That ' s HRC pretty much anywhere in the world .
Its an awesome place for Family and friends get together , sitting arrangements on a large Round tables makes food more enjoyable so as the interaction with your mates .
I ' ll simply awesome once again .
Cusines offered have huge variety , will suggest people to try chinese !
dis place is not at all worthy to do ala a carte..it better to go for buffet .
I will never visit this place again .
Overall bad experience .
Better go to mainland china or barbeque nation in 26 sector .
Grt place .
One of the best places for group gatherings and parties !
This is the place to be
Fantastic ... .
... but still ambience is good and overall a good experience
hopefuly dis was our last visit to dis place .
a big cross
Love it .
Well , I had done my share of research before I went to Chandigarh , found this place happening and it indeed was .
The perfect place for a sports fan .
If you ' re a sports fan , this is the place to go .
But I guess that ' s the price we have to pay to have a ball , that said it ' s a great place to hangout with friends .
!good place for entertainment..!
Explored food here too .
Each item has been carefully documented and labelled , and every single piece is of significance as it had belonged to legends from the world of rock .
But Chandigarh ' s Katani was far better in food wise.
Overall , if you are really really hungry and want to have a heavy or light food , get in and come out with your tummy full : )
Awsm
Awesome seatingNd best food
As the name goes , it really is rocky .
Pathetic place , rude staff , horrible experience are just a few things to describe how waste this place is .
Cool
I don ' t think you ' ll regret it .
Recommended only if ur not in for dominoes / Pizza Hut .
I think its simply d best pizza hv ever tried in my life .
Very cozy location on gerri route...
Surely its super hit as every pizza outlet in d town copies dem......
will prefer other food outlets .
I am horrified by hotmillion .
This day will haunt me forever .
it has been my pet family resturant for around 10 years .
but now i m bored of it .
Hot Millions has been a favourite ever since we were in School .
The place holds a special place in the hearts and minds of all those who have been visiting this place ever since the 90 ' s.Over the years , business seems to have dwindled here , mainly due to lack of innovation and the restaurant explosion that Chandigarh has witnessed , but even today , this place is one of the finest places for good old Indian style American flavored Fast Food .
They ' re well worth it and are an important part of Chandigarh ' s culinary history !
Ooo Nostalgic : ) It ' s been one of the places I have been hanging out to eat since childhood .
If you want a quick bite and eat snacks , HM is a good option .
I went to celebrate my birthday with my friends .
It was Saturday evening and we.
it didn ' t make sense to us .
Really feel superb in rooftop .
Much recommended and famous club , disc or pub in Baner area , just visit on sat and u get the feel , Par of pancard club , this night club truly marvelous .
Area 51 used to one of the premium party place few years back .
Now this place has lost its charm .
Its open till 1 am while other party places are open till 2 am .
This was the first time I was at Sigree Aundh , and its just THE place to host a meal .
The wide variety of food , taste and its quality will definitely make you lose your diet schedule but is definitely worth it .
Definitely a place on the to - go list .
I hosted dinner for 40pax and not one was disappointed .
All smiles .
Its a perfect place for all foodie after barbeque nation !
Tried this sigree first time .
Excellent food and service .
overall a good place to eat n talk .
This place is disgusting !
Do not go here !
Been here with Friends 1.5 yr back .
Quite pleasant experience it was .
..with food and ambiance and service .
..Would like to visit soon in winters... : )
Great ambience and food
.luvv it .
This place is just amazing and I ' m a H U G E fan !
Absolutely in love with this place !
i also want try one time bottel chirmmy
Overall not a nice experience .
To begin with sigree global grill is a perfect place for a food with good ambience .
Food i would like to rate four , you will like the ambience and tje service too .
Overall a pace worth visiting many times yo have good foos .
I have been to Sigree in powai as part of corporate culture .
I wanted to take my parents out for dinner here and we chose to reach here for my aunt ' s birthday .
Everything was perfect .
the ambiance , food , quality .
Apart from this everything was picture perfect .
Absolutely Yes is the Word for people who really want to Enjoy their Drinks With a Great View and some amazing EDM numbers .
We went for a Friends Birthday .
Everything was totally Amazing .
Overall pathetic experience
Ond hell of a place !
Bad music , no life .
I have always loved this place so much .
this place has got everything that a good restaurant consists of .
High in sky , a balcony dining , gentle breezes , mouthwatering food .
What more do you need for a special dinner .
This place can easily be for the lovebirds in the city .
Preferable time is night .
Parking can be an issue # MG Road blues.
# reservation in advance is kind of mandatory for the balcony table .
I have been here many times and every time it has been a GOOD experience .
The best part of the place is to simply sit there at the roof top with that cool breeze and a stupendous bird ' s eye view of Bangalore .
I personally feel the best time to go there is on an evening for dinner when rain has just stopped and there is a slight drizzle to accompany you while you are there .
The food was good and place was great .
Book your table in advance if you want to sit outdoors for the beautiful view and cool breeze .
A view of green bangalore from 13th floor is a feast for eyes .
One can see green bangalore from here .
An ideal place for a date , be it lunch or dinner
I can hardly comment anything negative on this place .
Except for a fact that we need to make plans in advance if we prefer to sit out in the open area !
Great place for dinner date .
Rooftop is worth visiting
Beautiful .
But beyond this , the place is just above average .
Didn ' t expect this .
Best part is the Food + View + Drinks combination .
Very romantic place .
Must try .
Location : Statue Circle .
Doesn ' t get better than that !
Visited the restaurant yesterday with family over dinner .
Such a horrible experience .
But will neither recommend this restaurant nor visit ever again .
The terrace grill is a very romantic and peaceful place for those special days when you want to enjoy some nice wine and barbeque .
I would rate the service of this restaurant way below the 5 star standards .
I don ' t recommend going to Park Prime .
Yes , when it was Park Plaza the service was good but now I don ' t recommend .
This is just the place .
However as for rest of the menu..
A good place when you want to relax and have a quiet dinner.. .
If youre in Jaipur and are looking for a nice place to dine , you got to visit the terrace grill .
To begin with the evening you can enjoy drinks by the pool .
infact a great place to spend a nice winter evening
I can ' t forget the day it was a chili evening when i went there with a friend of mine just to check out a new place .
A nice place to go for a drink with friends .
Do not visit during monsoon as there are a lot of insects during that time and the food doesn ' t seem very hygienic .
I recently visited this place with my husband .
I had to throw a party to some very close friends and was looking for options , due to weekend was not able to find a confirmed place in Forresta and suddenly someone suggested this place .
We called the manager and got a confirmed booking .
The place is nicely done with good view of Jaipur city .
Food , Friends and Drinks .... , take makes the perfect setting to Enjoy the place .
We went on the Christmas eve for a dinner and decided for a rooftop exp.
Would visit again .
Enjoy rooftop pool side dinning in summers.. .
I recently visited this place with my husband .
But yes it was not upto the mark as expected at this kind of property .
The first thing came out fgrm m y mind when i enter there is " WOWWW " .
Best of c lass interior , Yummy Food n pleasant environment .
Must go place i must sayyyyy
A place to go with your loved one .
Good place .
Every hour a Wild Life play is played , good for children ' s. Worst part is it is situated at deserted mall with no parking space .
Best buffet I had soo far .
Just one word Amazing !
!A totally refreshing and a unique place in terms of food , drinks and ambience .
Good place , good vibes , well priced drinks .
I ' ll probably still go back for the drinks but unlikely for a dinner again .
Pathetic .
one of the most fabulous dinners that i had in mumbai so far .
.i loved the creation .
Heard about Masala Library from a friend and have been wanting to go for ages !
Heard about Masala Library from a friend and have been wanting to go for ages !
Finally went there for dinner with my parents and was blown away by how ridiculously amazing everything looked and tasted !
!All in all , excellent and prompt service , and as i said before , phenomenal food , considering the hype and advanced booking required haha !
I would recommend everyone try this place out !
( And yes , make that reservation )
Awesome experience .
Wasn ' t that grt experience for me .
Amazing place .
....... overhyped
No walk in guests are entertained .
Are you kidding me ?
It ' s just a gimmick to create hype .
This is the only annoying part about this place .
The best part came at the last .
And try going in a big group so that you get to taste more of their delicious and memorable dishes .
Nothing gr8 !
I completely feel this place works on 2 things hype & amp ; PR .
The food has a few gastronomic things , but that ' s about it .
Went there for an official lunch .
Definitely an awesome fine dine modern food eating experience .
Dining here is a visual delight as much as it is a titillation to the taste buds .
If you ' re looking for a great meal without any budget constraints - this is the place to go to !
I remember the first time I visited here for dinner with my boyfriend and we were full to our heads !
We loved everything so much that we wouldn ' t stop eating and well let ' s just say it didn ' t do our digestion any good !
Must must must visit - the variety , the presentation , the staff - brilliant !
And don ' t forget to reserve at least 10 days ( pfft ) in advance to get a table !
All in all , one of my favourite restaurants in Bombay !
And NO - IT ISNT OVERRATED !
And NO - IT ISNT OVERRATED !
Over hyped !
Presentations are a sight especially of the complimentary food .
Luckily got a table , whilst others crib about their reservation policies .
And the location prime .
All in all a good experience !
Was willing to there to experience their food , on second thoughts , based on my experience on phone , i wouldnt even recommend the restaurant to anyone .
Table booking in advance is highly recommended .
They have an option for a 6 - course pre set menu , but that comes in handy if you ' re there for a long afternoon .
Swanky new place which gives a twist to the Regular Indian dishes !
One of the best bakeries in the city !
I make sure i order one whenever it is a birthday of any of my loved ones : )
It is one of the best bakeries in town .
This year we ordered a birthday cake for my brother and it turned out exactly as we wanted it .
The cake tasted as good as it looked ( i ' ll upload a picture of the cake ) So I would recommend everybody to order their cakes for any special occasion from Loyans .
I didn ' t see the hype that reinforces Loyans .
..Loyans , got to know about it from zomato itself and finally got a chance to taste it .
.Starting with the location its a bit out of commercial place but still accessible .
Overall my verdict a must visit place for snacks and it also has a good ambience too .
.Thumps up from my side .
Excellent Experience ?
A very good bakery .
One of the best in town .
However , as it is a " bakery " , if we have to rate the bakery items , it certainly deserves a 4.5 star .
My all time favourite .
We make it a point to visit this little place whenever we are near Latasil .
Awesome bakes .
Simply try it man and you will love it
.. Gulati has been there for long and is very famous.
.. so it felt to be a safe choice .
..One must try this for the legacy.. .
Some of tye servers were also the same when I saw them ages back when I was a kid and use to come with my mom dad , will love to go back tyere again and again and again
I don ' t think we would need words to explain the food here .
It is one of the best place for North Indian food in Delhi .
The best time to visit this place is after 11.
This place is buzzing .
One hell of a place to eat .
Amazing Punjabi food .
It ' s the same usual Delhi / Punjabi taste but consistent .
I went to GULATI after many years and have to say that they have maintained their taste and quality and portions which quite good .
Overall this place is Good and worth trying .
The best part is that where else would you get good food at 1.00 am in the night !
GULATI is the Best choice in the Pandara Road cluster of restaurants .
tasty indian food
An ideal family restaurant where one can come in big groups to chat and enjoy food .
The bottom line is that gulati restaurant deserves a visit .
Gulati is the classic old place on Pandara Road that has withstood the test of time .
Being around for such a long time isn ' t easy .
Restaurants come and restaurants go but this one has managed to stay for a long long time .
I think the key reason why Gulati has managed to do that is because it serves some authentic North Indian and Mughlai flavours and every dish tastes different .
I think that is what keeps a restaurant alive .
When a person dines at a restaurant and they remember it , crave for its food and come back for it again ( soon !
I would rather hop over to CP to grab something better ( atleast a better view ) .
Great place , always full of energy !
We travel all the way from gurgaon just to have it .
Great north indian....nice buffet
Try Gulati .
One of the best restaurant in delhi , Nice ambience , good taste and best dal makhani in the city .
Luved it
Getting inside and getting a seat is a tough job .
A great place for food lovers specially who love chicken
It was my first visit and it was a great experience .
overall a good experience .
The overall ambience and food quality is outstanding but the best part is the unbelievable desserts !
Good
Considering that it ' s a well settled chain , all such key aspects must be looked into .
Overall a fine place for a good evening .
Nice place to have a lunch or dinner buffet .
Everythng is prefect... Food , ambience sweet dishes , serving , clean area , music.
The BEST North Indian food is at this place !
5 / 5 rating .
............ , , , old is gold................ , , , , ........ , .
So be proficient in ordering .
The place that serves bestest punjabi chicken dishes..
I have dined at this place with family and friends multiple times and have tried various dishes , and never got disappointed with the quality ever .
The downside of this restaurant is that there is too much waiting time , but I find it all worth after finishing the meal..
Go for it people .
This is one of the rare restaurants , where thr is waiting even on weekdays , that ' s what happened with us as well .
But let me put it straight , it is worth the wait .
There are reasons why this one stands tall since 1959 , they have kept the standard intact .
Went with my uncle who has been regular visitor since 30 years .
He said he has never been disappointed here , and my uncle has travelled extensively all over the world .
Just enjoy n let me know your experiences
I have read so much about Gulatis and how they are the best when it comes to Punjabi cuisine .
We went there on a weekday fearing the rush on weekends only to find the restaurant packed anyways .
We finally got our table 30 min later .
overall a decent Punjabi joint on the lines of Moti mahal .
Also the added advantage of getting food till late night in one of prime areas of delhi .
One of the oldest famous resturant situated at pandara road .
..a den for late night family outings since our childhood .
Gulati is an iconic name in Delhi ' s traditional eating circles and has maintained its connoisseurs .
The recently renovated outlet is comfortable and has maintained its good taste .
A place for ppl who are hungry fr ambeince plus silence altghr while on dinning with frends and family
A good place .
... can go here once in a while .
Come to this place if you absolutely sure you dont want Indian food
classyyy
Shit Place .
Was looking to get more out of the experience .
Walked in on a Friday night to find the place bustling with people all ready to get their drink on .
...the place is huge and was open till 3 am that night .
..so after more than a couple drinks we decided to get up join the 100 odd yo yo fans on d dancefloor...all in all we had a blast...will definitely go back .
An ok kind of place .
Pretty small I will say .
It is right next to the station , so isn ' t really well placed .
Brilliant place to chill and have a good time .
An absolute delight for beer lovers .
My favourite hangout in Mumbai .
Awesome place to hangout !
Great Location .
...Below Average .
Found this place by accident after overhearing people talk about it during the Light & amp ; Sound show at the Amer fort and thank goodness for that !
Such a beautiful place in one of the most breathtaking forts in this country .
Excellent ambience , excellent service and delicious food !
All in all , a must visit for everyone who goes to Jaipur
Not that bad and not that good .
Its one tym going restaurant...?
First look amazing .
Nice but have to improve on certain things .
Huge fun n good restaurant .
I wanna dinner so my frnd rcommended to go to alimentosAnd I got a prfrct restaurant
the place was also good for the any celebration.
First impression - its a great place .
The reason i give it 3 , is because of the fantastic decor ; the food deserves 1.5 .
Definitely worth a try .
Viable place fr a fine dine on week days
Visited there for first time .
This is seriously vintage .
The popularity of this place has only increased with time unlike 99 % of places in Delhi which get outdated within a couple of years .
A must visit !
Had our office party here & amp ; it was fabulous .
Had an Amazing experience guys !
and i must say ice lounge is well deserved .
I would thoroughly recommend ICE LOUNGE to anyone with a sweet tooth .
I know I ' ll certainly be returning soon .
One of my favourite haunts .
We hopped in here to celebrate a friends birthday and it was amazing .
I have been here before with some colleagues .
We loved being here .
The music , the food , the ambience and lastly the beers , all are extra ordinary .
I would rate it on top in the whole of gurgaon if you ' re a beer lover .
Their own brew is delicious and the live music is always great
After months of hearing about Cyber hub - I finally made it there .
After months of hearing about Cyber hub - I finally made it there .
After a bit of initial survey , we decided to try Soda Bottle Openerwala .
We were told by a rather hunky gentleman that we will have to wait for 15 - 20 mins , however , we were offered a place at the bar while we waited for the table .
Slightly expensive given the portions served .
Have been to this place a couple of times .
Since its a restaurant serving cuisine that ' s not available everywhere except a few places in Mumbai and parsi households , it already gets some points from my side .
After a long time i visited a restaurant that had a simple , easy to understand menu , great ambiance , polite people to help you order and to top them all , simple , lovely , authentic food .
It was a let down
My home away from home !
I ' ll never visit Gurgaon without spending as many evenings as possible here .
Brilliant atmosphere , great service and almost everything I ' ve tried off the menu was great .
Plus they ' re Harley buffs !
It is d most trending beer cafe in town .
Crowd was so so good .
.maintained their standard since forever.
Thank u
ted Batman services comes to my rescue every now and then .
In short worthless .
I would like to suggest that people should prefer to go for Night Owl instead of Batman .
Highly disappointed with the feedbacks of appreciations we read from the feedbacks provided they might be friends of Batman .
This place used to be good , now it ' s horrible ( Sorry for being harsh ) .
Only giving the 1.5 because I was shocked that they actually showed up .
Nothing special .
Infact I found maal gaadi as a better option - bit more tastier and definitely reasonable priced
Something that is only available post 11pm in gurgaon it ' s the only option to get good if you are working late .
After a couple of times i just decided to go hungry .
It seems more like they are trying to bank on the idea of a restaurant that is open at 4am in the morning .
The experience was excellent .
The godsend initiative of delivering food at odd hours has and will help most of us .
Although , I wish they had all the popular brands of cigarettes otherwise here it would have been a 5 star rating .
Trust me , the Dark Knight has risen .
Batman services comes to my rescue every now and then .
which was absolutely amazing .
& gt ; & gt ; Review : Batman is one of my preferred choices in case I wants to have food in midnight .
Diners have decent options to choose from Food point of view as well as essentials .
Rest of the factors are ok .
Worth a try
Its not about the food , its not about its location , its all about the late night deliveries .
The best part is that it delvers food and more , like basic stuffs , late at night .
Its an awesome concept .
" I ended up laughing crazily , at 2 am lolzz but hats off to you guys for the amazing concept and great service .
A true savious for people working in the night shifts or friends getting together for drinks at night .
Batman has solution for all your problems .
a great option for late night food cravings.. tasty and affordable.
Thank god someone had this idea , and made this .. Obviously batman will satisfy ur hunger and empty stomach when half of the world is sleeping ..
But heart wont b satisfied .. For me never ..
They can improve their quality ..
But i ignore it becoz gettin home delivered food at these hours are a gift .
Amazing delivery + Delicious food .
The non vegetarian dishes are just amazing .
Great place to hangout , pop a beer and enjoy some chicken .
this place serves good North Indian food .
Food is just amazing , service is good and food quality is just fab , sort of family type where you can arrange small diening ' s our occasional ,
Had visited several times and experience is foodilecious visit by visit .
Nice experience @ sanyam aggarwal
You know like one of those cozy , nice little places where you n your school / college gang hang out most often .
Its basically a hub for all those chicken crazy people .
And why restrict yourself to chicken when their a - la - carte presumably boasts all kind of non - veg dishes .
Crazy crowd , not in the sense of temper but the sheer amount of people that pour in to eat at this joint .
A place that serves really good North Indian food .
The North Indian style of preparing fish is an art .
You go for the heavy and heady Punjabi food , prepared quickly and sumptuously .
I ' m a vegetarian , so I ' m probably not getting the most out of this joint , but the rolls are pretty good and it ' s damn easy to get to ( just ask anyone within a kilometer where Kamal Cinema is , which is what this market is locally known as ) .
The only problem this place has is lack of proper arrangements for people to have their food .
The place is a heaven for those who adore non vegetation fooding .
The place is located at safdarjung enclave and is its main attraction .
I have been there for few times and it never gave me any complains .
Have been going to Rajinder Da DHABA for about 12 years now and I haven ' t seen a place with so much rush of customers .
Superb !
It has been a long time that I had wanted to try this place .
U would love to go and try more of it .
Nothing can go wrong with pizzas here .
So home delivery is best suited for this chain .
But I make sure that they put just the right amount of topping on my Favourite pizzas and this is my go to pizza destination !
I am yet to visit this place , however I have been ordering pizzas for quite sometime .
This is a jewel hidden under the big names like dominos , pizza hut etc .
Fantabulous !
Cool to hang out with friends .
Its a must visit place .
good
A good place for friends and family outing .
However , this never happened during my innumerable visits to BYD before .
The food , the ambiance , & amp ; service is amazing .
...will be back
We had gone there for a team party .
.. and was amazed by the authenticity of all the dishes .
This place serves delicious north indian food in a its own fusion style .
The food was amazing along with services .
This restaurant is my favourite list .
If you stay in Mumbai and not visited this place , you are definitely missing out on something amazing .
Perfect location , one of the best rooftop food places ever .
Had been there quite a few times .
Nice place for a peaceful dinner with family and friends .
Crowd is good with families visiting the restaurant more .
A place must visit totally money worth !
I had never seen anything like dat .
A pretty view at night .
Roof top , sea side , cool breeze , Amazing place .
Its different from other normal restaurants .
Surely a place to visit .
Just too good .
Don ' t miss out .
Not only couples but even families n friends can enjoy d outing.
This was my third visit to Koyla and after a long time .
Getting up to the restaurant is a task though .
You have to take stairs up as there is long queue for the lift or its not working .
They should definitely do something about it .
I would recommend a visit to this place as it serves amazing mughlai dishes and deserts .
...Nyc place to go wid frnds !
Has a good vibe going all the time !
Nice place to be
I love it .
Just the place to be at if you want to do something " different " rather than just your lunch and dinner dates !
Went here with my beau and we loved everything !
Must visit if you have a minimum of 3 - 4 hours to spare !
Nice place to hang out
Really wanted to visit this place since long and was really excited about it too .
But as it turned out , the place is not that exciting afterall .
I went there on tuesday night around 7 : 30 .
That was a disappointment .
That is one thing you cannot miss after visiting this place .
The place could not stand up to my expectations and it was disappointing .
He SAD She SAD
The place is amazing one of the best places !
Must visit !
Been there twice and must say it has been worth the visit .
Place gets full by 9 and by 11 things start to get crazy .
Good crowd , different shots and music make HSSS a must visit .
All and all a good place to party with your friends .
Nice place .
Best burgers in town ?
so probably one can conclude it ' s not a day place .
again I guess it ' s just a place to party and for drinks , where obviously food quality wouldn ' t matter .
Everything about this place was right .
Cheers
The expectation was really high after seeing the photos of the place and food .
To be precise , I would sum up my experience at this place to be pleasant .
The bill doesn ' t come with the discounted amount , you have to explicitly ask for it .
If the food menu list increases , I may come back to explore it .
Excellent place .
Went there post reading some reviews on Zomato.. And turned out to be an inspired choice .
.. Not sure on the idea to have a cover charge .
So go to boveda and make that sat night special.
Basically , a total chilling - out - place to be .
- excellent.
- excellent .
Brilliant place .
I went to this place with a bunch of my friends on a weekend during its first month of inauguration .
Apart from this , they have these small contests like drink 6 shot glasses of beer with a straw in 20 seconds and get a beer for free .
Fun place .
I will definitely return .
The best thing about this place is the view which if offers .
When you are here , you are at the 35th floor .
You can see the skyscrapers and the sea from a different angle .
However , the view and the music is definitely worth paying that much .
Just the place to be at if you ' re looking for a rather romantic / cozy date night with your special someone !
They ' re amazing !
The view is spectacular and the breeze keeps the whole mood going !
The view is spectacular and the breeze keeps the whole mood going !
With great company , light food , cosmos and desserts - what do you have to complain for ?
Basically you are in between sea view and city view .
..so choose wisely because you will b lucky if you ' d be able to switch seats .
Went to this place for dinner .
Had done a reservation for 3 arnd 7pmCame to know after reaching the place dat kids are not allowed .
They allowed us after a long wait .
..was utter shit .
The bill these 3 things came to around 1.2kPeople with kids avoid this place and Jain ppl this place is not for you ' llThis place is only for drinks and not for food .
Rude lounge was much much better .
..I miss that place so much .
Their food was also excellent .
N I had a horrible time dnt care abt others if they had a good time as this is my personal experience .
If you are looking for best open dining rooftop restaurant cum lounge in Mumbai .
AER Four Season top the list .
Great place to visit at any time of the day .
Ambience is amazing and view from the roof top is breath taking .
Go out and make your special day even more special here .
Rate 5 just for it ' s view .
Spectacular .
One place I would always suggest to my cousins or friends from abroad is aer...
If a classy romantic date night is on your list , this is the perfect dine - out for you .
Amazing place .
.would love to visit again .
!But yes , it ' s an ideal place for a romantic evening .
imagine watching almost all of Mumbai from a bird ' s view .
Amazing view of Mumbai , from this place .
Great place to be with your special ones .
Keep it up guys !
Wouldn ' t suggest it to anyone .
A really nice joint for fun - lovers... Wid the shacks , karaoke and good ambience , its surely a must - visit .
totaallyyy a funn visit..!!!
Will surely visit soon .
Tropical Lounge , , , a superb destination for all the party lovers .
Celebrated my birthday over here with my bunch of frenz n had the best bday ever !
!Perfect decor , perfect props to enhance the photos n the perfect food !
It came out with flying colors .
if there is one place that does not need any more reviews , its this one !
and its not hard to see why it is one of my favorite restaurants in Bangalore !
Awesome place enjoyed too much with friends.
Its a nice place .
Good thing for the smokers , you guys have bean bags outside , with sand .
Smokehouse is one of the few places though that cant go wrong whatever they do !
Take the feel of a tropical place whether inside or outside .
Nothing too good or too bad about it .
Appreciated .
Ps : Selfie people , there are quite many props for you to wear on and get yourself clicked .
The props are funny and bind the clients up with the cafe.
All together I would call this place " a silent player " , came up silently as a surprise and doing quite good .
Good jobMust visit on rainy days to feel more tropical .
ambiance of tropical lounge is nice and good service and food as well !
i had done party ' s many time ' s in TL and that was good experience !
I took my friend there for my birthday .
They have 2 sections one on the inside and the other one on the outside .
However what I liked about the place is their amazing props : ) we had a lot of fun with them .
Overall it was a great experience .
A must try place and economical too .
I really enjoyed there .
it ' s a great place to hang out with your friends
Perfect place to go for a get together .
Definitely for a romantic dinner .
The minute I stepped into this place , I felt like I was back in a Goa shack .
Excellent food , service and ambience .
The place is so welcoming and relaxing , you don ' t feel like getting out .
Ever since the first time I went there , Tropical lounge has become my favorite .
I ' d recommend this place over any other joint in Jaipur .
!must go place .
a good place to hangout .
.thumbs up for the founders..keep it up .
An elaborated menu with some brazillian and Caribbean dishes..
Good places to enjoe new combinations in mock tails n shakes .
Ambience and the tomorrow land collection playing makes the place cool n happening.
...good place to hang out .
Loved the place : DPerfect place for everything , Be it a date , a birthday or jus hangout with a bunch of friends : ) The place is a beauty at night with dim lights .
Good ambiance , good service , friendly staff .
Even though it was pre mix , the gesture was nice .
Overall , a nice place if you ' re looking for a relaxing evening and some conversion .
Will definitely go back again
...... ^ _ ^ Great place to hangout with friends !
Multiple Cuisines .
Separate party area .
Perfect place for foodies who love Continental food .
From Mexican to Scottish , Lebanese , Spanish you have ample variety to delight your taste buds ( sometimes its even difficult to understand as to what to order ) .Food was palatable , ambiance was adorable , but the thing that stole my heart was the accessories they provide for the photoholics ( DP i must say ) over - sized glasses , cute bow hairbands , neon colored caps , you have a variety to choose from .
One of the best place to chill out n enjoy wid friends n family wid world wide cuisines .
It was an amazing experience coming to this place .
A nice place to hangout with ur friends .
.recommended.
For first timer , you might decide to go some other place by looking @ exterior but awesome TROPICAL colourful environment once you enter .
Really " feel good " as its tag line .
Loved the over all experience .
Good place to visit .
Great ambience good food .
Horrible place !
I can ' t give it a Zero or negative rating hence I ' m giving it a 1!It is a pretentious place that has nothing more than good interiors to offer !
This place is just not worth it !
They ' d do better to replace the entire management , chefs and the menu and start from scratch.. .
Ohk place not so nice
Nice ambience.... Service could have been betta...
Beautiful ambience , food and service .
There aren ' t any words to describe .
I had a mesmerizing experience .
Good food , superb ambiance .
Perfect weekend place to be .
.. Great crowd too .
Girls can hv a blast !
Perfect weekend place to be .
.. Great crowd too .
Girls can hv a blast !
the parties are good as well .
Rocking place .
Think about this... .
And my adda these days .
Overall we loved the place with great ambiance and awesome food .
It was a bad experience with replay as always .
awesome !
Location is kinda crappy .
Loved it !
One of the best sweet shops in town .
Parking is a major headache during weekends .
The place is wonderful and food is good .
They have their own parking area but parking might be a problem in rush hour .
Good place , must visit for sweet lovers .
Having said that , everything else is good about this place and that ' s what makes me rate it decently .
Anyways the the place was nice and you will surely get your pennies worth
Awesome...Visited Replay on d finalz of T20...IndiaVSriLanka... Evn though we lost bt still der waz some inner satisfaction as i found a perfect place near my coaching which waz almost value for money .
!Give dis place a chance .
..hav a feel good feelin inside u as well .
..nd u won ' t have nything to regret... ; )
One of my all time favourite restaurants in jaipur .
It has always been a good hang out place where we can go without a second thought .
The outlet is neat & amp ; clean [ even the toilets were clean ] and the staff is helpful..and do not rush you .
I will rate this outlet at 5 / 5 - because of its consistent quality right across , which is unusual in such multi - fare outlets .
Boasted as the ' haldirams ' of Jaipur , I chose to visit this place with my family for dinner .
The place looks a normal food joint with multiple decks to choose from .
I will still favour haldirams for its flavour and value for money despite being so expensive these days .
Replay as seen and read about in the reviews here , was a little off as compared to it .
All in all worth a visit .
It was our 7th / 8th visit .
