AmazingMutton Burra : Guess mutton was meant to be always cooked this way .
Simply AmazingChicken Stew / Chicken Jahangiri / Nagrasi Kofta / Mutton Shek Kabab and a lot more to admire .
I simply love this place .
But the taste of food is very good .
Few menu items were not available but whatever we ordered was simply amazing .
Food was great .
Few menu items were not available but whatever we ordered was simply amazing .
Food was great .
I went there with my friends and we all are pure vegetarian so we ordered veg quesadillas and they served us non veg .
I personally loved the classic Greek salad and the different types of dishes which were served extremely hot & amp ; fresh .
It was easily one of the best lunches I have ever had .
I will definitely go back here every time I ' m in CP
Superb !
Food was great and total value for money .
So it is a great place for peaceful date .
Awesome everything .
Loved it !
.Best south indian food I ' ve had till date .
u will fall in love with it .
you will fall for it even more .
To the main part the culinary experience is truly outstanding , I ordered a unique dish that I did not see anywhere else , The Mortedela wrapped chicken in one word Wow a burst of juices and the most tender meat I had in a long time .
Food is of course very very good here .
I ordered Thai vegetables and hummus pita which was by far the best I have ever had .
Red pasta , chilli paneer and chilli potatoes are another to must try .
Great cafe .
Decor is pretty good and clean .
Main course was nice and deserts were amazing .
Great place with good food .
Best Biryani in town !
What A Biryani .
What big pieces of chicken .
They have legendary kababs and main dishes as well , all in all , be sure that you come here with an empty hungry stomach .
If in Delhi , visit this place once , then visit it again and again .
Superb non veg dhabha in Chandigarh .
The mutton curry was very good , spicy and yummy .
One of t best place to hav chicken !
Great food , great portions .
...ALL ARE SUPERB.... .
I was lucky to get cold coffee amazing and perfect .
Surely hangout there for cold coffee again and again .
I love these really cool , urbane , hip places coming up in Ahmedabad .
They played skini lover , for god ' s sake .
It was quite amazing and not too daunting on my tiny appetite .
We also had afghani paneer kebabs , and I loved the fact that they had cut the paneer cubes in half and stuffed the yellow gravy between two slices .
Their paneer roll was also really good .
Finally got a chance to go for dinner...The food was just awesome .
Well let me just say if you are going there to fill your stomachs with ultra delicious food .
...Ladies don ' t forget to carry something warm ( well if its a special friend then that wont hurt either , since the view is just breathtaking ) .
The staff is superb I must commend the HR of this place they have done a fantastic job .
All in all I must say this is a place that i would recommend as a must visit .
I loved it .
421 feet ( I guess I ' m right ) You feel top of the world , hands down , it ' s the best rooftop lounge in Bangalore .
One of the finest restaurants I have come across in pure veg category .
Everything about Kaidi Kitchen is impeccable..
I loved it and plan to take my family there soon .
Loved the concept of eating in a cellFriendly staffGood food .
The theme is absolutely new !
A must visit place !
Kandahari raan is my ultimate fav from here , a must have signature dish which can easily be shared by more than two ppl...
Great ambience .
Food tastes realy good .
Awesome quality of food , nice ambience and proper food serving etiquettes - these are the most important things based on which the quality of this restro can be determined !
The kabuli tandoori murgh kebab , the murgh sufiyana and the murgh lababdar really did blow us off .
The gravy was well cooked and was flavoured perfectly .
In spite of that , a great place !
Very good ambience .
Excellent food .
Found the dishes to be perfectly cooked .
Just combine that with their Dal Pakhtooni ( kali dal ) and the Cheese or Garlic Naan and it makes for a great meal .
Food quality is really good .
The tandoori murg is mouth - wateringly delishus !
The tandoori chicken...is as a delicious as ever .
The food is mostly good , with generous servings .
love the marvelous service and the lip smacking food .
i became a fan of dis place after getting the cheque.... believe it or not .
Brilliant service and food !
The ambience , service , food and hospitality was top notch !
The chennai foodie has quite the number of options to satisfy their craving for north indian food in chennai , and bombay brasserie stands out from all of those by redefining alot of dishes .
A must visit and the Chocolate paper brownie a must to order .
must visit
So if you happen to visit Barrackpore , do try the chicken or mutton biryani , it has juicy chunks of meat that will melt in your mouth .
The shorbas are a treat .
The weekday buffet lunches are not to be missed .
The wide range of desserts will satisfy your sugar cravings .
Chinese and Indian starters are irrerestitable .
Do not ever miss the absolutely lip smacking Galouti and Kakori kebabs they offer .
The ambiance and the staff deserve many thumbs up .
Yet each and every item was brilliant .
I have been ordering food for ages and spanning across cities ( Kolkata , Noida , Hyderabad , Mumbai , Indirapuram ) and this is one of the best delivery places in my experience .
One of the most beautiful restaurant in town .
Great sitting areas with white pebbles .
The perfect romantic place .
Their seating is in the garden under the trees , candlelit surroundings soft music , what else can you wish for when you are with the man of your dreams .
But to my surprise The pasta that i had here is one of the best pastas that I have ever tasted .
If you are looking for a romantic dinner place , this should definitely be on your list
You would fall in place with this place and may romance the ambiance for a very long time .
The place is extremely well organized and decorated with green plantation .
The covered area has sitting on ground floor as well as a floor above - both the areas are very beautifully done and create a soothing ambiance for dinners .
The night life is what would make you fall in love with the place .
The best highlight though is the service .
Really nice ambiance !
The service is a class apart .
One of the best places in this part of delhi for a romantic dinner !
!The Food is mind blowing and not just for the meat crazy which is usually the case everywhere...
The vegetarian food is awesome indeed .
We were here on of our early dates in delhi and had a superb experience !
!Service is impeccable !
!Soups , salads , the platters and the pastas are superb !
We went on our wedding anniversary and it was probably the best decision .
Loved the food , ambience , service and decor .
One of the best place for pizzas..
Perfect amount of toppings .
Cheap and quality pizza and some amazing side dishes especially the Super Cheese Garlic Bread with Keema topping .
Highly recommended for pizza lovers .
they ' re the best pizzas I ' ve ever had !
The generous toppings , the load of cheese everything is awsome !
It ' s definitely going to b my go to place for pizzas : D
Awesome place .
..awesome food .
The best thing about the evening was the pizzaWe decided to order the half and half of chicken keema pizza and the BBQ chicken pizza .
Amazing taste , great portions of meat and perfectly done .
If you hate pizza , try this place you ' ll change your mind .
If you like pizza , come here and you ' ll love it .
If you love pizza , come here n fall in love again .
As an Italian would say , " Squisito !
Really loved the pizzas there .
They yummiest pizza iv ever had : - )
Joey ' s special was the best !
Yautcha is easily the top three Restaurants in Bombay for me .
The crispy prawn cheng fung , Golden fried chicken puff , Sticky rice and duck rolls are to die for .
The truffle dumpling is superbly done with a classic earthy taste.
( i am a total non veg eater ) and fell in love with the dumpling .
The fried turnip cake is a definite recommendation for all .
Spicy aubergine , sato bean and okra dish was a complete delicacy .
The show stopper for us were the desserts .
Kudos to the dessert chef , who is doing an excellent job .
Man - this is easily in my top 5 restaurants in Mumbai .
The drinks are fantastic - try the Cha La La .
The crispy duck rolls , prawn cheung fung and backed chicken puffs are exceptional .
The Best Place In Mumbai To Eat Chinese Dishes .
Food ~ The Non - Vegetarian Starters Are Amazing At This Place , Prawn Dishes And Dim Sums Are Amazingly Delicious .
Deserts ~ Deserts Are Amazing , Macrons And Chocolate Cakes Are Too Perfect And Delicious .
Magnificent , spectacular , brilliant , fabulous may be I am falling short of adjectives for this placeIt was lifetime experience for meTo say what I had : Appetizers : vegetable crystal dumpling brilliant perfectly cooked .
The # ginger martini was just perfect to go with # crispy prawn cheung fun , recommended by my new friend Aniket who works at the bar .
.we loved the udon noodles here too .
.what set the experience apart was the desert raspberry relish.
I give Yauatcha a full 5.0 Rating because it delivers fantastic food , great service , a wonderful ambience with comfortable seating and ample parking .
Would recommend this to anyone and everyone !
Awesome food .
The dimsums are some of the best I have eaten in the city .
I would highly recommend trying their cheung fun which is similar to a spring roll wrapped in the dumpling pastry .
An all time favourite is the hazelnut mousse..sinful !
The ambience of the place is really good too .
i tried the crispy duck roll just Devine the duck was tender and absolutely crispy.for main I had the emperor sea food fried rice and steamed indian salmon in black bean sauce , I just couldn ' t get enough of it .
the ambiance is great a definite must go .
The best Chinese food in Mumbai .
The staff is very good they go the extra mile to make you feel comfortable .
The food is out of this world .
Will recommend it to anyone who loves authentic Chinese cuisine .
Loved the food n mocktails...amazng yummmm macrooons
The food was just so flavorful and not to forget the immaculate plating of the food .
The Braised Pork Belly and the Crispy Fried Lamb were the cherry on the cake .
Food is delicious for all food lovers .
Awesome restaurant which is mewly opened in C.P and it is by warehouse .
Great place to catch up with friends luv the ambience..... .
I ' ll give full points to this place .
Awesome place .
Double thumb up .
I ' ve tried the following and all are great - paneer akhuri , berry pulao , bhindi egg , mushroom on khari , parsi veg curry with parantha apart from the Mumbai street food options .
Love the masala tea as well as the nan khatai : - ) .
Its one of my top options when visiting cyber hub .
Best Parsi food in town ( not that there are many choices ) .
Well ambiance was Excellent .
The drinks and cocktails repertoire is enviable and with such good food and great live music , you ' ll land downing a few more than you planned .
And on starter the awesomest was Chef debonair dub special prawns...also we had Tsaiming chilly chicken .
Bang on 5 on 5 for the ambiance .
Food again goes awesome .
I loved the Vapour Special Atta Chicken and is a must try .
I loved the quirky display of glass jars filled with candies..very typical in Parsi stores .
Food : The place is heaven for non - vegetarians if you are a fan of the famous parsi dishes such as prawn masala and keema pav .
They served it in a tall bottle ( typical milk bottle I saw once in Mumbai n Pune ) It was very refreshing but I didn ' t notice the flavor of plums .
The fried mirchi along with it was perfect to spice up a level more .
Ooh the flavors were just amazing !
The creamy mushrooms just won me over !
Raspberry soda : I was looking forward to this one because I have heard people rave about it .
It was very delicious with a combination of sweetness and tanginess .
The best part was that it was not oily at all and a typical home cooked taste to it .
The imli ki chutney with this was delicious !
The Egg kejriwal looked so perfect that a non - egg eater like me thought of trying it .
.. berry pulao is a must try .
Excellent .
Food , ambiance , service - Everything calls for multiple visits
The ambiance is awesome ( I loved the Toy Train ) , well decorated and furnished .
Cutlet was a delight with potato , beans , masala and it was a little spicy served with aam chutni .
Berry Pulao was rich flavored with Berries and ghee , the texture and taste was divine .
In drinks I tried Shikanjee which was completely different but I loved it .
A must visit place for Foodies .
Pizza is too good .
Terrific place with just about the right mix of everything !
!One of the best place to have freshly brewed beers in NCR and they have some really good variety !
The place gets converted into a disc in the night and the atmosphere is just electrifying !
Good ambience if the weather is good and pleasant and you want to sit outside .
Went there on a friends bday party , juz loved the place , its so good and so comfortable and spacious , loved their outside dining and the concept of openong up a restro inside a park .
It ' s located at an excellent location among the greenery of lodhi garden and the setup is super .
One of the best restaurants I hoisted awesome food highly recommended a bit expensive but totally worth it loved their food
loved it !
Coming to the place the ambience is extra ordinary !
And the food was great !
Good music , tastefully done interiors , awesome food , amazing sheesha and perfect service .
Highly recommended .
But the food was awesome .
They serve best hookas , the best maggi .
Food I luved the most was the chilli cheese paratha n the yummy crispy jalebi .
Hi All , One of the finest place to hangout with your friends .
Wow Loved it .
personally felt great being here .
Their Raw Papaya Salad was amazing , and so was the Veg Stir Fry .
Their Veg Stir Fried noodles , Quesadilla Bites , Raw Papaya Salad are a must - try .
Loved the Szechwan prawns and grilled fish .
Humming tree definitely has the best music scene and the most beautiful ambience .
Great service - we had a wonderfully smiley and attentive waiters and tasty food made this another lovely experience .
Loved the fish here .
It is one of the best restaurants I have been to in long time .
Great raan !
Amazing sandwiches...Hot chocolate , Cappuccino , ...Black dal + jeera rice , paneer ki sabzi , roti etcLove visiting this place !
Awsome panner ka soola with naan !
Have ordered almost everything , and everything has been fab .
Go without any expectations , and you ' ll step out with a big smile and fond memories .
They have the best Nachos !
Being a foodie , I ' m on a constant search to look out for the best Nachos - theirs is just right .
.best thing on da menu is Jack Daniels Chocolate Mousse , its a must try .
...is a tremendous feeling that cannot be described in words , and probably that is why I would still visit the place in times to come .
....biryani is a must try .
......portions are big .......
Cocktails ( LIT ) was really good .
It is rather one of my favourite joints out there in CP .
I ' m dying to have one while writing this .
Plus , I LLOOOOVVEE Starbucks to the core .
I can have it anytime anyday !
I wont ever get bored of it .
Awsome fish...mouth watering prawns.....nice service .
Starters were amazing and main course was making us drool .
One hell of an amazing place ?
I have had the Indian main course 2 - 3 times and the taste was top notch each time .
I especially liked the non preservative jam spreads which tastes out of this world .
Best pizzas if you are a pizza lover .
Staff hospitality is extremely good .
.Starters were awesome .
.Overall I ' ll rate 4.5 out of 5 .
Great starters , live ice cream was also wonderful .
Excellent service
Will visit again : ) loved it
Great food .
Hot and fantabulous dishes with chocolate bomb to finish it .
... A compulsory visit place for family times .
this place is awesome ..great ambience .
Top floor makes it more glamours then it could be .
One of the best place to hangout late night .
Superb ambiance .
Exquisite and awesome .
With an amazing rooftop lounge at some 32nd floor of a high - rise , a perfect setting unfortunately they have been able to cash in on the place !
BTW the burgers are to die for .
Love it .
.This place is awesome.. : )
Love this place !
An awesome place to be .
.. Mesmerising ambience ...
The cherry on the cake is the huge screen that they have .
I am a great non - vegie , but this particular place would make everyone fall wid the veg food .
And the best thing is the buy - two - get - three shots service : ) The blue kamakazi shot was awesome !
Awesome mughlai food till date , many people might say it has lost its quality n oll.....but the food is really good .
amaging food
Mind blowing food .
And every visit was a great experience .
This place is just too good .
Good ambience great food .
Amazing service and great reception by the hotel management people .
I love this place .
the starters r awesome...i dont remember th names of all the fud but again everything was nice .
Desserts were also delicious and here i found my favorite red Jelebi as well !
One of d best biriyani I hv ever tested .
Awesome nd delicious.
Both the starters and main course are of excellent quality .
The service is outstanding .
I love this place everytime in a new way I visit here .
Various amazing and different food items is sure to surprise you .
This is a favourite one of mine .
One of the best restaurants in kolkata .
The decour , the music , the food everything was amazing .
A must try at this restaurant is their smoked hilsa .
It was my favourite dish .
On one occasion , we were celebrating a friend ' s birthday and the Sandesh Cake they served was a fantastic treat .
Urban Asia is truly a brilliant dining experience .
He offered some suggestions for the starters and in the meantime made me a smashing sangria .
As we moved to our table a server brings us a complimentary plate of beautifully cooked lamb because the pork dumplings ( which were yum !
We then were invited back to the bar , had a drink with the owner and ended up having a fabulous evening with filled with great conversation .
There might be many Asian restaurants in the city , but I would come back again to this one for how special my dining experience was .
Veg yin yan soup is a different dish and a must try .
If you love pizza...this is your destination
Best Sushi ' s in Hyderabad .
Great food .
The calamari was brilliant .
Joey ' s pizza is a boon for pizza lovers in and around Andheri / Malad .
Their melt in mouth pizzas trump any dominoes or the so called " branded " pizzas .
That ' s what heaven tastes like .
Now that is the kind of hospitality you wouldn ' t even expect in a 5 star restaurant at the first go .
The potatoes were so amazing that we all had some : ) needless to mention their thoughtfully designed menu with great balance and spectrum of dishes .
The food was absolutely amazing and since then it has been my first choice for any Asian cuisine cravings .
Undoubtedly the best pizza I ' ve eaten so far !
Oh great place for a fantastic dinner .
The pizzas are all fresh and taste amazing .
Excellent service .
The food is very tasty we loved the starters specially the chilli planner & amp ; vegetable sticks .
I think this place beats the regular , mainstream pizza chains by a very huge margin when it comes to variety , quantity of toppings , quality of cheese used and the freshness of the breads .
Highly recommended !
Great food .
Great drinks .
Great service .
Great experience .
good food , great service , good prices .
Apart from this great ambience .
A fantastic place to visit : )
The Saucy wings in Creamy buffalo sauce are NOT to be missed .
Mutton biriyani is awesome .
Mutton biriyani is so good that i am yet to try other items .
4.5 just for the food : )
The setting of this restaurant is beyond perfect and it deserves stars for that alone .
Undoubtedly the prettiest place to be .
Perfect place for a romantic dinner .
I would highly recommend the Almond Bread pudding with fig ice cream and toffee sauce as your dessert .
Staff is very courteous and very much we ' ll mannered .
I ' ll get straight to the point : what to order : Galawati kebab - will melt your heart .
Even the non mutton people will love this one .
Salli chicken - I don ' t know what or who salli is , nor do we have the time to talk about that , but oh my , Salli rules .
Chur chur paratas - I ' m not a parata fan , but this is one magnificent invention .
The creamy paneer and sliced chillies in a lovely , flaky crust , will show you that there are more important things in life than , say , friendship ?
Paper chocolate : don ' t make me throw in a description .
The place is heaven for veg and non veg foodies .
..A nice way to spend your quality time with friends and the awesome virgin mogito , pasta , and the brownie sundae they serve .
All of the dishes were just YUMMIEE !
Lastly try the amazing waffle recipes they have to offer .
We tried the apple pie shake , caramel frappe , go berries and sex on the beach and all 3 were amazing .
Food is too tasty whether it is pizza , pasta , burger...and obviously the peacher is must to have : ) .
The pizzas over here are too good and same is the case with most of the drinks .
A place really close to my heart .
Every second shop In Delhi can serve you much better chicken rara then there and please save your hard earned money ?
!The icecream in a flower pot is a must try for people with a sweet tooth , and also for people who want to be surprised ; ) !!
The place is just amazing .
You will find young people of the age group 18 - 26 which makes it a very happening place .
The music seems good and the overall ambience just makes the place a perfect 10 .
The saddlebags , nachos and baida roti were really good .
Very affordable and delicious range of food items , amicable staff , great crowd , great music , good location .
We always tuck in at ma fave corner away from everyone and enjoy our peaceful lunchThe food here is well good , really good .
Superb place with best combination of ambiance and food with a quick service .
The service is very good ( although the food takes time to come ) ..
Burmese Falooda , Samuza Hincho and Steamed Salsa Buns MUST TRY .
This place is really well done .
Excellent !
Excellent .
Samosa soup is something excellent .
Loved the hazelnut peanut butter cake .
Veg food has never tasted better .
For mains it was the Khow Suey , it is a hands down winner , very much like a Thai curry .
Food is excellent .
This place is a pizza delight !
Its worth the 4.3 rating on zomato because its cheap it serves some excellent pizza ' s. Well the best reason to visit this place is because the pizza ' s are just yumm and compared to other pizza corners like pizza hut and dominoes their pizzas seem very dry compared to joeys .
I ' d ordered Corn Exotica..much cheese..so yummy..so good .
A true slice of pizza or a little piece of heaven !
Joey ' s gives all the big pizza outlets a run for their money and even beats most of them .
My recommendation would be their " The Meats " although all the other pizzas i have tried here cannot be berated .
best candle light dinner in Bangalore .
You will love the scene from 13th floor .
Each dish was simply superb and the service was excellent , dishes are we tasted , chicken badami shorba , sushni kabab , chicken wings of fire and some special biriyani .
Food is very good and service is awesome .
Grilled fruits were a novelty .
Wow the desserts , gateaux and indian sweets , highlight being the live ice - cream mix counter .
The best in market , try it once before you die : )
Drizzle was great place to relax during the week end .
Food is awesome , only starters are available .
Paneer tikka is really tasty a must try , ambience is great .
The food was great , so was the ambience.
Samosa salad was something new and must try .
Street noodles were good a must try .
The desert Red Vallvet Cake is must have .
I had Mango Mate Tea which was the best of all food i had on that dayOverall a good experience .
I feel my favourite dish was the khao suey ( a traditional Burmese dish ) served in a bowl with noodles , vegetables and coconut milk .
Thank you for the amazing experience !
The ambience is great .
Perfect place for some cheese and macaroni !
A perfect destination for the Italian enthusiasts .
Very very good
Love this place .
If you ' re cheese lover go for buffet .
No doubt the best .
You have to visit
Awesome place !
Exceptional and fast service !
I like this place a lot .
The best place to have lasagna .
We can pay for the food as the quality is so superior although it is veg .
Loved them all .
Being a non vegetarian and actually craving for a veg dish is rare and by default should set a high standard for their food !
There ' s something about the combination of cheese and oregano - an aroma that is highly tempting and unforgettable !
Excellent Italian food is all
Little Italy will provide you the best Italian food possible when you are in this country .
I have had Italian food abroad but this alone lives up to the standard .
I opted for a buffet ( since I wanted to stuff myself with everything I could lay my eyes on ) .The food was divine .
The variety was amazing .
Food is amazing and assistant manager is very knowledgeable and has amazingly pleasing personality .
Awesome is the word , I was happy to see the ambience , never seen such ambience in gk 2 market .
Absolutely loved our experience .
Fabulous restaurant , exquisite food and flavours , impecable service .
One of those restaurants you save the 5 * for.
Air is sure one of the best lounges in city .
Wat a sexy ambience it was .
killer ambience .
That was perfectly made .
Best Lounge Of Chandigarh !
Superbb Ambience !
THE ambience was great .. Would love to visit again .
I needn ' t say much about the ambience because its better explained when witnessed at first hand , its a rock stars paradise.. a perfect getaway for those of us who are stuck amidst the oafs of today who wait in line to attend trance music .
Just all praisesThe dessert was mind blowing .
It is indeed one of the best clubs in chandigarh .
And i also found kamakazi shots in the menu , that made my day .
Its just awesome : - )
Top notch drinks .
Food is mouth watering ( paneer was really soft ) and the staff service was great .
I ' ll simply awesome once again .
The ambience is as good as resturants in TAJ and Homotel .
Ordered chicken and paneer starters and they were really delicious .
The Pina Colada and Rocking Crocodile mocktails were brilliant .
Grt place .
Awesome music that makes a great eveng .. .
The restaurant has the best ambiance i have ever experienced .
Fantastic ... .
The perfect place for a sports fan .
Awsm
I think its simply d best pizza hv ever tried in my life .
..... Dere tecos r simply d best .
Ymmiii ................... .
Hot Millions has been a favourite ever since we were in School .
Their Burgers are undoubtedly one of the best that you get in Chandigarh , full bodied and juicy unlike the plastic machined burgers of McDonald ' s.Also great on their menu and worth trying are Chicken Noodles , Manchurian and Garlic Chicken .
Their Butter Chocolate Fudge beats all other brands to pulp .
Lot of games for the Children and their Bakery Items are the Best .
Awesome salmon and do try there pasta !
Much recommended and famous club , disc or pub in Baner area , just visit on sat and u get the feel , Par of pancard club , this night club truly marvelous .
Loved signature dal of sigree
Excellent food and service .
Amazing food .
..Paneer dishes were quite unique in taste....unique in the sense they were awesome and all veggies liked them .
.luvv it .
Baker ' s Brownie Coffee..YuMmMm....the exotic taste of coffee and brownie as well as the unsweetened and bitter taste of coffee beans at the end .
This place is just amazing and I ' m a H U G E fan !
Eversince this place opened up , I ' ve never turned to anyone else for birthday cakes .
It is a perfect place to grab an on - the - go breakfast before work .
To begin with sigree global grill is a perfect place for a food with good ambience .
Everything was perfect .
Absolutely Yes is the Word for people who really want to Enjoy their Drinks With a Great View and some amazing EDM numbers .
Everything was totally Amazing .
Ond hell of a place !
I have always loved this place so much .
Food here , is awesome !
High in sky , a balcony dining , gentle breezes , mouthwatering food .
Indian & amp ; continental cuisine prepared with perfection .
Delicious to look and eat .
The best part of the place is to simply sit there at the roof top with that cool breeze and a stupendous bird ' s eye view of Bangalore .
The ambiance is great , the view of Bangalore is superb both at night and day
The food is amazing with a wide spread .
Desserts are amazing .
An ideal place for a date , be it lunch or dinner
The Bhatti Paneer is a must if you are ordering starters .
Great ambience at rooftop poolside , perfect for drinks , average food , but having drinks there is a great experience .
The views are great through the glass railings and that wooden deck adds to the feel .
For some delicious amazing Biryani...
Great and refreshing ambiance .
infact a great place to spend a nice winter evening
First dish was Garlic prawns - Good king size prawns ( not he small ones you get normally in all places ) which were really perfectly marinated and perfectly cooked .
For me it was the best dish of the evening and you must trySecond thing was Grilled Fish - Again perfect for the evening and the best part was that it melted in the mouth instantly and that is what you want from a fish dish .
Service - Truly the best , they were on the toes every - time and you did not have to even ask once for something .
But awsem food .
If ur lookin for a great place to dine , try wild dining its classicaly authentic n has a great theme ( jungle ) .
Desserts are amazing .
one of the most fabulous dinners that i had in mumbai so far .
.i loved the creation .
..the pesto kabab was awesome with a completely different tastethe jalebi cavear is also a must try .
Finally went there for dinner with my parents and was blown away by how ridiculously amazing everything looked and tasted !
We especially loved the khandvi shots they got out in the start , ; and the mushroom chai ( which is supposed to be this soup but served like chai ) was delicious !
Great service too which I think is just as important as the food in a restaurant , although there was an element in one of the dishes missing in one of the entrees my dad ordered .
Their dessert was phenomenal - jalebi caviar !
Truely amazing n new concept of food .
Awesome experience .
For the appetizers , we had pesto kabab which were simply delicious .
The " shot " of khandvi on a spoon was delicious .
For starters tried the galauti kabab which came with coin sized roti , absolutely delectable .
The kabab just melted in the mouth .
Definitely an awesome fine dine modern food eating experience .
If you ' re looking for a great meal without any budget constraints - this is the place to go to !
We loved everything so much that we wouldn ' t stop eating and well let ' s just say it didn ' t do our digestion any good !
Must must must visit - the variety , the presentation , the staff - brilliant !
All in all , one of my favourite restaurants in Bombay !
Landed up calling for kebabs and some starters , which were great in taste .
Staff extremely cordial .
The servers are extremely professional , which makes coming to a high end place such as this more enjoyable .
Must try the Bengali Aloo Dum - it does sound run of the mill but these guys did a good job reinventing the dish .
One of the best bakeries in the city !
If you love dark chocolate frosting , you must go here .
The other eatables , pastries , patties and stuff are really great .
Love the cakes here !
It is one of the best bakeries in town .
The pastries are amazingly delicious and specially their red velvet cake .
Their red velvet cake is really very good .
Overall my verdict a must visit place for snacks and it also has a good ambience too .
Excellent Experience ?
One of the best in town .
The pastries are extremely tasty .
Have tried Blueberry and Black Forest so far , and both the flavours are awesome indeed .
One of the best in town .
My all time favourite .
From patties to pastas and breads to cakes everything is just yummy .
Heaven for cake lovers ; )
Awesome bakes .
Simply try it man and you will love it
Taste is awesome and service is likely
Childhood fav , I think every person in delhi must have gone to this restaurant atleast once , went here after ages , and still the food was same just delicious !
Some of tye servers were also the same when I saw them ages back when I was a kid and use to come with my mom dad , will love to go back tyere again and again and again
It is one of the best place for North Indian food in Delhi .
Amazing Punjabi food .
The breads were a mixed basket which were very good .
GULATI is the Best choice in the Pandara Road cluster of restaurants .
An ideal family restaurant where one can come in big groups to chat and enjoy food .
good food , fast and excellent service
Though pandara road has many other options , their galawati kebabs n butter chicken r to die for .
Luved it
One of the best restaurant in delhi , Nice ambience , good taste and best dal makhani in the city .
Burrah mutton was great .
Gosht ki nihari and the biryani was just too good .
Loved the nihari .
The mango cheese cake is the best I have ever had !
The overall ambience and food quality is outstanding but the best part is the unbelievable desserts !
Everythng is prefect... Food , ambience sweet dishes , serving , clean area , music.
The BEST North Indian food is at this place !
The butter chicken , mutton , dal makhani and the kebabs are heavenly !
5 / 5 rating .
............ , , , old is gold................ , , , , ........ , .
This place serves authentic North Indian and if you understand the flavours well , you are only to keep complimenting them for their standards .
The Yum Factor : Love their galawti kebabs and their dahi kebabs are an absolute treat , even for the non vegans .
Having a chur - chur naan here is a must .
The place that serves bestest punjabi chicken dishes..
The place that serves bestest punjabi chicken dishes..
I am absolutely in love with the Butter Chicken served here .
The service is just top class .
Sumptous .
Butter chicken is just awesome.so are the Pudina nan , butter nan and the parathasThis one is highly recommended for family and business meetings .
I have read so much about Gulatis and how they are the best when it comes to Punjabi cuisine .
The service is excellent and prompt .
Yummy dal makhni butter naan and boneless chicken yum.....food is good and service is good too .
Gulati is an iconic name in Delhi ' s traditional eating circles and has maintained its connoisseurs .
The chef specials are a must try .
...the woodfire oven pizzas are to die for...ordered the toscana pizza nd finished it in seconds .
Brilliant place to chill and have a good time .
An absolute delight for beer lovers .
My favourite hangout in Mumbai .
Awesome place to hangout !
Great Location .
Excellent ambience , excellent service and delicious food !
The tandoori tikka was the best chicken tikka I ' ve had in my entire life ( and i ' ve had a lot ) !So was the laal maas , soft succulent mutton pieces that just melt in your mouth , and a laal maas that does notmake your stomach burn is definitely worth mentioning !
First look amazing .
I have been there for my b ' day party at that time food was awasome I and my friends really enjoyed it .
I wanna dinner so my frnd rcommended to go to alimentosAnd I got a prfrct restaurant
First impression - its a great place .
The ambience is great and decor is chic .
Amongst very few places in Delhi which can get a 5 / 5 for service .
A must visit !
Had our office party here & amp ; it was fabulous .
Music was awesome & amp ; he was belting out chartbusters one after the another and ensued that we don ' t get a single chance to leave the dance floor .
Had an Amazing experience guys !
One of my favourite haunts .
Beer Is very good .
We hopped in here to celebrate a friends birthday and it was amazing .
We loved being here .
The music , the food , the ambience and lastly the beers , all are extra ordinary .
I would rate it on top in the whole of gurgaon if you ' re a beer lover .
Their own brew is delicious and the live music is always great
The turn around was great and enjoyed the food .
Sali mutton was very well done mutton curry which I enjoyed , I have little benchmark to compare against but thought it was quite tasty .
It was very delicious - lovely texture in the brownie , gooey inside and good ice cream to accompany .
And best it had a 5 star like taste to it .
Brilliant atmosphere , great service and almost everything I ' ve tried off the menu was great .
It is d most trending beer cafe in town .
Food was excellent .
amazing Service and amazing food .
the mutton is yummy and has a very balanced taste with less Chilly and many khada masalas .
The experience was excellent .
We were thoroughly impressed by the service .
I never expected this but yes they made pretty decent maggi at 2 am and banana shake was awesome too .
" I ended up laughing crazily , at 2 am lolzz but hats off to you guys for the amazing concept and great service .
The non vegetarian dishes are just amazing .
I tried butter chicken with butter naan and gulati kebab roll dat will dissolve in your mouth and will party also .
Its basically a hub for all those chicken crazy people .
If you love chicken and dont care for the ambience.... Than they make it best .
A place that serves really good North Indian food .
The food was delicious .
Quantity too was good .
And the Fish Amristari at Rajinder Da Dhaba is an absolute must have .
First thing first..Food is flavorsome and delectable .
But regarding the rating of food i just can say it was delicious and amazing .
The place is a heaven for those who adore non vegetation fooding .
Coming to the food , its every dish is delightfully tasty .
Chicken barra , Kalmi chicken , mutton satay are few tandoori dishes which are a must to taste .
If one wishes for trying true CHICKEN CURRY then one should definetly go there .
Have been going to Rajinder Da DHABA for about 12 years now and I haven ' t seen a place with so much rush of customers .
Leaving Tuesdays this place is always full which speaks for it ' s good food .
The service is the quickest you could get any where .
Superb !
Chicken Hariyali tikka is also very good .
U would love to go and try more of it .
Awesome food
Amazing fooooddd.
Nothing can go wrong with pizzas here .
An awesome pizza joint , don ' t forget to order their cheese dip it ' s awesome .
Fantabulous !
Its a must visit place .
The food , the ambiance , & amp ; service is amazing .
This is one place where the food is so awesome..one cant resist to drop in anytime .
I tried most of the dishes and guys i was spellbound..Simply a Happy Place to be with the awesome food and jolly ambience..Love it !
.excellent service .
.. and was amazed by the authenticity of all the dishes .
Loved the food .
and fried ice cream in desserts is a must try dish
Very good food .
Must eats here are the Pav Bhaji Fondue , Pani Puri & amp ; the Bubbling Kulfi .
The food was amazing along with services .
This restaurant is my favourite list .
If you stay in Mumbai and not visited this place , you are definitely missing out on something amazing .
Being a veggie cant really talk about the more famous chicken dishes , but for all veggies out there , achari paneer and cheese naan is what you just cant avoid .
Ambience is very good .
A place must visit totally money worth !
Punjabi is awesome , and food is also really good , biryani was just too good .
Surely a place to visit .
Just too good .
You literally fall in love with the place at your first sight .
If it was just for looks I would rate it 4.5 on 5.
Last time I was here I was mad over the food here .
I would recommend a visit to this place as it serves amazing mughlai dishes and deserts .
I love it .
Went here with my beau and we loved everything !
Must visit if you have a minimum of 3 - 4 hours to spare !
...Excellent service .
Then we ordered some shots which were fabulous !
Though loved the ambience
The shots are delicious .
Must visit !
... but grtt shotss.... : - D
Good crowd , different shots and music make HSSS a must visit .
Best burgers in town ?
the place is huge and would be rocking in the night .
To be honest , I had nt had a burger in several years and just felt like having one and MY GOD , one of the best burgers in a very very long time .
Being a foodie , had to go onto Desserts , Panacotta was just brilliant .
Great food .
lovely cocktails - watermelon burst and melon ball are personal favorites .
The bartender makes the cocktails with an amazing flourish .
The ambiance is perfect and the live bands playing on Thursdays makes the experience even more delightful .
The pork slider is a chef special and our standard order !
Excellent place .
- excellent.
- 5 starsMojoto - excellent .
- excellent .
Brilliant place .
I will definitely return .
They ' re amazing !
The view is spectacular and the breeze keeps the whole mood going !
Great place to visit at any time of the day .
Ambience is amazing and view from the roof top is breath taking .
Great mocktails and cocktails to chose from .
Rate 5 just for it ' s view .
Spectacular .
Amazing place .
.would love to visit again .
!But yes , it ' s an ideal place for a romantic evening .
Amazing view of Mumbai , from this place .
Great place to be with your special ones .
Service is excellent , staff here goes out of their way to ensure that you have a good time .
Best ambiance u can ever expect.. .
Amazing interior .
The must have ' s include thr signature cold coffee , sesame honey chilli potatoes , fried rice and manchurian !
: D this really shows their concern n dedicatn towards their customers .
Tropical Lounge , , , a superb destination for all the party lovers .
!Perfect decor , perfect props to enhance the photos n the perfect food !
Both were up to the mark and expectation , a flavors were to perfection .
In the end we came out completely satisfied with great lingering taste .
if there is one place that does not need any more reviews , its this one !
and its not hard to see why it is one of my favorite restaurants in Bangalore !
Awesome place enjoyed too much with friends.
My favorite of course is their delectably tangy chicken hot dog !
Good jobMust visit on rainy days to feel more tropical .
Amazing ambiance .
We ordered a Margherita pizza which was delicious though the pizza crust was really thin .
However what I liked about the place is their amazing props : ) we had a lot of fun with them .
Overall it was a great experience .
Perfect place to go for a get together .
This place has an amazing view , i mean i was mesmerized by the view from the seats outside in the balcony .
Definitely worth for a romantic dinner , if u want to initiate a spark in your partner , the ambience at ebony definitely helps ( only take seats at he balcony for the effect .
Excellent food , service and ambience .
The north indian food is too good , starting from the starters to main course .
Ever since the first time I went there , Tropical lounge has become my favorite .
The ambience is too good , with lovely dim lightings and excellent live music !
Great food .
..don ' t miss the tropical pasta and cafe frappe... .
Delicious food .
Perfect place for foodies who love Continental food .
Superb dal makhani n superb tandoori platter .
The quantity and quality is unmatchable .
FOOD : Very elaborate menu from different part of country .
The ambience is really awesome good .
Coming to food and drinks we tried a cheese nachos and blue jeans it was very very tasty .
Loved the over all experience .
Beautiful ambience , food and service .
There aren ' t any words to describe .
I had a mesmerizing experience .
Perfect weekend place to be .
Perfect weekend place to be .
i just love going to this place with my friends post evening , amazing ambience once the lights are on .
Rocking place .
They have a lovely loud music playing and the wind on the high floor adds to the complete ambiance .
The best part of this restaurant is that the service is quick and prompt .
Even the baked beans with the nachos were very well cooked .
We ordered chocolate brownie and ice cream in dessert which was great too .
Overall we loved the place with great ambiance and awesome food .
It was a bad experience with replay as always .
Superb food .
Overall , MUST have the Jerk Chicken !
Perfect creamy chicken with just the right amount of black pepper taste .
You must have this if you are visiting Replay .
Food : Have been here numerous times for just one thing and one thing only - The Jerk Chicken .
My best sweet from here is " mishi mawa barfi " ...Very delicious and mouth watering .
I can compare it with best of joints in Jaipur when its about food .
One of my all time favourite restaurants in jaipur .
I will rate this outlet at 5 / 5 - because of its consistent quality right across , which is unusual in such multi - fare outlets .
For special mention is the ladoos which had no food coloring , a rare phenomena - not found in delhi except in one sweet shop at ajmal khan road , karol bagh , new delhi - 110005 [ Standard sweets ] .
amazing views ...
fabulous food ...
and awsome drinks ...
all that with no big hole in the pocket that we were expecting ...
by the time we came , their receiving n service was awesome !
it couldn't get any better .
awesome experience .....
amazing place to be .......
loved the Martinis and Cosmopolitan .......
mezze platter was also very yum .
great Parsi food .....
good place to try Street food without compromising hygiene .
undoubtedly the sweets they serve are delectable and delicious .
amazing food must try
n it was a delight ...
awesome quality fast food .
tried all the Italian restaurants jaipur has to offer but nothing compares to the flavours of this place ..
best mock tails in town !
amazing place ..
great ambience ..
great job guys ..
lovely place and best new club in the city.
but nonetheless it tasted delicious .
the show stoppers were the Nutella & amp ; Peanut butter slice which was yummy , but the Molten Choco Lava cake was par excellence .
both the dishes were delectable .
im definitely going back again : )
the food was awesome ...
great Food ...
great Ambience ...
amazing Hospitality ....
appetizer was too good ......
cottage Cheese Medalion was amazing !
panna Cotta in Dessert was just irresistible ...
a must try in Guwahati !
definitely the best place
highly recommended ..
a highly satisfying treat for your taste buds ..
amazing ambience , rooftop , pitch perfect for sheesha .
overall a must visit place .
best pizzas ever .
one of my favorite pizza joints .
the perfect lunch spot for college students from nearby vile parle .
the pizzas here are just amazing .
they are a gastronomical delight !
if you are a non vegetarian this place is paradise .
look no further , the best pizza outlet for non veg pizzas .
the ultimate non vegetarian pizzas you will find in Mumbai .
i've tasted only the non vegetarian ones and i believe they are far far better than their competitors ..
great ambience ...
awesome food with amazing innovative menu ...
amazing ...
full points to the burger as well ...
we were greeted and served by exceptionally friendly and helpful staff , just as the early evening trade was picking up .
dishes were well exceptionally tasty .
food is yummm ....
absolutely amazing .
and a very romantic atmosphere !
a must eat.
amazing !
in the main course the garlic spicy noodles were delicious .
i loved the interiors , which are very tastefully done .
overall , great place and i intend to go there again pretty soon
though the ambiance is extraordinary .
i especially love the salads ( wilted greens salad and the papaya salad are outstanding ) .
if you haven't been there yet , a definite must - visit for dinner .
excellent ambiance , i had a wonderful anniversary dinner with my wife .
service was excellent .
loved the Pasta , and Greek Salad , along with the wonderful fig ice - cream .
highly recommended , for the privacy , care , and off course some good acid jazz sitting in the tent .
their Bombay sandwich is really good .
their vada pao is simply amazing , the best in delhi .
the pao is so soft it just melts in the mouth and just perfectly spicy .
its perfect for an outing with friends .
the chicken wings are brilliant .
the juicy lucy is pretty great too .
i absolutely loved it and almost licked everything off the plate .
but absolutely delicious .
overall i just loved plan b and i will be visiting again in future .
the menu flowed extremely well with great attention to detail , presentation and most of all an excellent blend of flavors for burger .
the whole team , front and back stage created a wonderful experience which matched our first visit and we look for ward to returning .
superb !
suuuupppeeerrrrb burgers .
perfect liquid accompaniments .
had the beef burger and it was huge and awesome .
one of the best burgers i have ever eaten anywhere ( and i am a glutton ) .
food was yum yum ...
and they serve really good chicken wings with awesome sauce ..
the must have's are
it was very good !
also i tried the murgh malai tikka and it was outstanding .
can't miss this if you are in Delhi for a filling & amp ; tasty meal .
but the food is amazing
gulati is a very popular restaurent .
mild lightingthe north indian food is very good .
tanduri utems are excellant .
gulati serves one of the best authentic north indian food .
it's Nov veg dishes wl never disappoint u n the biryani is the best in town .
the Kashmiri tikka was awesome , presentation what i liked
this is my second visit to delhi's most famous restaurant Gulati and trust me its awesome in all respects .
the ambience is beautiful and loving .
we ordered paneer and chicken dishes and taste was really finger licking .
we enjoyed food a lot .
i rate it 5 for its food ...
it has the awaomest food taste ...
i love it soo muchhh ......
gulati , serves great .
the biryani is one of the best in the city .
mughlai dishes are mouth watering .
amazing place very very nice view of the whole marine drive area and the ocean.
the place is magical in terms of ambiance .
we were all in complete awe of the place .
khau sway was another hit .
the sheer creamy texture and superb flavours makes u want to eat it forever .
overall meal - wise a beautiful experience .
the ambience is crazy with really awesome crowd .
but the chicken cajun pizza stands out .
the Neza a succulent chicken leg preparation was the perfect starter and really had a good chard look .
but my most favourite at Gulati is the khasta roti , the best i've eaten ...
had a great evening and liked every bit here .
overall a must go place .
the service was great .
everything is fantastic from drink to starters till the main course , every food item is amazing .
but overall it's amazing .
everthing is amazing abt this place
the design and ambience of this place is brilliant and Food wise it is definitely good .
everything we ordered was as expected would have rated it 5 stars
it was good to see everyone having a great time there .
if you're looking to have some delicious marinated chicken this is the place to come .
their various types of marinating according to your choice blow you away .
the marination is just perfect , the chicken is perfectly cooked , the spices just to your requirement .
the pieces are heavenly and you often wonder where did they find such chicken .
for its a best place to have nonveg .
i been in luv wth nandos frm newzealand .
nando's for me is a personal favorite ...
butterfly chicken is amazing and the chicken burger is delicious with the crispy fries .
love the mango sangaria and
great food .
delicious food ..
great ambience ..
; - ) amazing experience ..
big thumbs up !
best Sushi in town ...
sunday brunch is awesome
loved it ...
simply awesome must try
10d one awesome place to party with frnds and ur loved ones ...
food is brilliant .
definitely try the Chicken Kadai and the shepherds pie .
love this place !
best place for foodie person .
amazing food ..
i have always loved their cream of tomato soup , super yummy .
i tried for the first time paneer Manchurian rava dosa , it was out of the world
the water melon juice was very fresh n very well served .
a very good experience
all in all this makes a must visit food joint reccomended by me .
excellent quantity .
a personal recommendation here is the spring vegetable pasta , accompanied with a fresh river sole with lemon and herb gremolata .
some of the other famous picks here are the Pumpkin Ravioli with burnt
extra marks just for the ambiance
stunning ambience and location !
but very good quality food !
the perfect ambiance ...
the perfect decor for a garden restaurant ...
very polite staff .
the ambiance was lovely .
for the main course the prawn curry and Fillet were outstanding .
and the dessert as usual are the best .
the Banoffe pie was superb .
over all a wonderful experience (
food is delicious .
a perfect place for foodies and hookah lovers .
must try .
this restaurant serves one of the best Buffet .
deserts are just delicious , Moong Dal halwa is just Superb .
full Marks .
located at cyberhub It is one of the best restaurants in the city !
it serves you classic parsi food which is quite delicious & amp ; mouth watering .
i had a toblorone mouusse i it literally blew my mind !
definate must have
having said that one thing which i would highly recommend on there menu is the mutton berry Pulao .....
pool Table is the best part there .
my soul is satisfied when i eat the berry pulao and the shikanji .
by far my favorite place in cyber - hub and i never miss an opportunity to suggest it as the place to eat well Oh Calcutta is also there ....
a must try place with friends .
there's fantastic experience with very good decor , ambience , copy on the menu ,
the best ambience ....
is a must go .
they have the most amazing pizzas which are over flowing with their toppings ...
an amazing disc .
starters are yummy .
their deserts are very good 
best part they have churros 
a definite thumbs up .
greeted by a very friendly staff and seated swiftly .
one of the best barbeque buffets .
plus the chocolate hazelnut shake was yummmm ...
which was awsummm ..
but very good quality food !
i've been told the restaurant has been running for really long and the quality of food remains the same , i.e .
amazing !
i love the berry pulao and simple street style food
mrs sodabottleopenerwala's cold coffee is a must try .
a must try !
best of the lot was Chicken methi malai .
daal makhni can't get any better , it's creamy buttery and simply delicious , paneer is lip smacking in short , it's simply scrumptious !
my experience on this place was very good .
gulati's have been serving a truly excellent Punjabi cuisine for a very very long time .
the wall full of framed certificates display their excellence over the years .
food is awesome in both Vegetarian & amp ; non vegetarian fare .
starters are excellent be it Panner Tikka , Galoti Kebab or Fish Tikka .
kadhai panner , Dal Makhani are a must for a vegetarian foodie while Butter Chicken is the must have for Non veg foodies .
please go to this place by putting off your guards of having healthy food , have everything makhan marke and you will love it .
love the dal makhni and butter chicken over here , mouth watering .
if you are anywhere near Pandara , Gulati should be the first choice to make you palates happier
but still anything you order is mouth watering from chicken 65 to bhuna ghost and butter chiken .
so if you are in Delhi and wanna try North Indian delicious this is the place
but are excellent and all in all its worth it .
their dal makhani and paneer lababdar is still one of the best in the city , and garlic naan ofcourse the best , still they should now introduce more variety and experiment a bit .
however , even if they don't it seems it will still be on my favorites list .
if heavy , greasy , yummy punjabi food is what you crave then head straight to Gulatis ...
absolutely delicious food ..
buffett is fantastic !
:) aam panna is almost too perfect ..
this is an amazing place - probably one of the best North Indian joints in Delhi - located in Pandara Road - hub of North Indian delicacies .
you can just try anything in the menu - all tastes awesome .
most of the food they serve are really good .
excellent place to go with family .
awesome ..
if u r a great lover of grilled food then this is the best place to visit in Kolkata ..
the food was awsome be it prawn kabab or chicken kabab .
the ambience was good so are the staffs , they were really friendly and welcoming , never experienced such generous behaviour in any other restaurant ..
great job guys ..
best restaurant i have ever been to ..
awesome ambience ..
great food ..
been there , loved that 
mr raj singh was best at his hospitality nature .
i love this place .
excellent place for beer lovers
big Chill Cafe in the Khan Market is one of those places which never disappoint you .....................
so correctly done that they melt in your mouth ..............
the most amazing drink to complement the food is their Ginger pitcher .............
the desserts are alluring in the visual sense
blueberry cheesecake and Mississippi Mud Pie are a must ..................
the Sticky Toffee Pudding , probably had the best toffee filling i have had in ages ..............
the service was exceptional with attentive staff and ever - smiling ...............................
for me the place to sit is on the upper floor ....................
great place for a quick yummy Pasta n shakes
best home delivery box you can have ...
overall a great experience and a must visit for everyone .
best of the lot was Chicken methi malai .
highly recommended for ppl looking for a great dine in with an option of buffet .
so starting from the ambience , yes it was high class ....
coming to the service , yes it was up to the class ...
fish 65 , chicken 65 & amp ; chicken tangri amazingly amazing ...
hospitality was very good ....
overall best place to eat north Indian foodin Delhi
food served here is awesome rich in taste and yummy ...
staff is also very good ...
well , we managed to get a seat and had the good fortune to have the best butter chicken ever .
we had it with khasta roti and boy it was heaven !
the kakori kebabs were simply made to melt - in - the - mouth and undoubtedly one of the best i've had after Dumpukht at Maurya Sheraton .
portion sizes are generous and the food is superb .
the Buffet is good offers alot of variety in veg ..
the Daal Makhani is extremely good too .
great service and the meal was also very nice , and the most important thing , the chicken biryani , which is a must to order ..
ammazing taste ...
overall a memorable time spent ..
coz talking abt just food it deserves above 4 ....
very much recommended 
rocking food and rocking value ..
highly recomend this place ..
otherwise my fav joint for late night dining,
the food here is out of this world .
the best indian and mughlai food i have ever had .
i am a regular at this place and the food never stops to amaze me each time i visit .
the consistency of the quality of everything , be it food or service is commendable .
i love this place ...
a best place for Non Veg lovers ....
there Non veg kebab's are to die for ..
yummilicious ...
must try !
galouti Kebab , Rogan Josh , Kakori Kebab , Murgh Malai Tikka , Barrah Akbari , Butter Chicken , Dal Makhani , Paneer Lababdar , Ambience is normal ..
the service is superb .
the food is excellent .
with The Amazing And Mersmerising Ambiance , It Would Blow Your Mind .
the Uniquely Designed Seatings Are Very Good .
it was a gr8 decision of having ur dinner at gulati ...
must try
:5 / 5Ambience
one of the best dance floor in pune with nice djs. crowd is good !
d they have best music dj is so cool and last
it was a awesome night partying hard with my bff !
one of the best dance floor with superb dj s
i love the ambiance ...
great 
i am in love with the place .
the place serves great seafood .
we tried Stuffed crabs and they were simply yummy .
also in starters , Amritsari fish tikka was very tasty .
one if my favorite Chinese restaurants .....
just order anything and it will be amazing .
im a big muglai food fan and this place is like a paradise to me 
no kidding this place provides best muglai authentic indian food ..
butter chicken is must try ..
one of the best places for Butter Chicken in Delhi 
best cuisine they offer - North Indian , don't try the others .
i love the Butter Chicken 
the butter chicken , as mentioned before is great and goes well with the Naan .
kebabs were succulent and tasty
amazing ambience !
a must for dinner .
perfect place for 'Indian ( Mughlai ) food' .
they have a buffett and a la carte option and their food is proper punjabi delicious .
loved spl the ambience 
everything - be it the service , interiors or food is impeccable .
the thin crust pizza from the live pizza counter and pasta arabiatta were fantastic , so was the 1+1 offer on liquor and beer !
:) Overall , we had a great time .
we ordered non veg platter which was very good , prawns were good ...
great food ....
awesome place
wonderful place for a candle - lit dinner !
great food with nice garnishing .
the staff was very courteous and friendly .
the outdoor ambiance was awesome .
:5 / 5 served with 3 delicious sauces2 .
extremely well spoken , courteous and friendly .
:5 / 5 .
they come to your table introduce themselves get to know a bit about you and guide you with your food choices accordingly .
if they think you are being to too risky with your taste buds they will hint appropriately .
i think they are doing a great job .
they Dont want to be getting bad reviews because the food wasn't to a Customers taste .
the Japanese here is awesome ..
and my visit was worth the huge hole in my pocket !
great place to be , the highest point at bangalore with great hospitality by the waiters and my first time was unforgettable .
one of the best places for andhra biriyani .....
best weekend afternoon lunch for rice lovers !
the ambiance is beautiful , spacious and brightly decorated with great attention to detail .
the raw mango salad was to die for .
but they surprised me with quite a few options for us 'ghaas - phoos ' eating people .
but , what stole my heart was their hotch potch cake - a dense chocolate cake , served hot , with the chocolate oozing all over is sure to give you the goosebumps ( an excellent remedy for a break up too. ; ] ) The ferrero rocher cake is a must try too .
first of all i was really happy with the service , even
such professional prompt and friendly service is usually the exception rather than the rule in new restaurants .
but they also make up for it partially with their wonderful and creative take on paan after the desert course .
presentation is great .
the best ones were bhel with the smoked nitrogen masala , sarso galoti .
q'ba has really dim lights and a very romantic atmosphere .
awesome service , Good ambience and really grt food ...
loved it ...
variety of meals , taste is unique , service is grt and chilled beer.must visit this place ......
exceptional Ambience , with good food .
portions are quite reasonable for the money charged and the quality of food is very nice .
the ambiance is just too perfect ...
the food here is surprisingly delicious ..
i loved the pasta ...
and the oriental is pretty amazing too ...
i would highly recommend the place ...
food here is just awesome along with nice ambiance .
the pastries - i am still searching for a place that could make loyans step down to the 2nd position ** the red carpet cake - each and every event of mine is enhanced with a loyans cake .
i must say they have the best mutton dishes .
certainly one of the best place in delhi to have good food .
i would give them 5.0 for their excellent food .
anyway , the Chicken Burra and Chicken Seekh Kebab were probably the best i have ever had .
the secret mix of spices that karim's use is to die for .
same with the Keema Naan , Daal , Tandoori Raan , Brain Curry , they were all divine .
the taste was as exoected - awesome ..
excellent food ( you must try the largest nann bread in the world ) .
service was excellent and after dinner we were invited in the kitchen by mr bernard who was very polite and introduced as to all the chefs who were very willing to show us many secrets of their cooking.lots of photos around of famous customers ( bill clinton , cameron , various actors etc ) .
as dal makhani is my favourite so had to try this legendery restaurant at the Itc Maurya .
have been there 5 - 6 times now and must say the dal bukhara is yum which one needs to eat with butter nan to enjoy the taste of dal .
best for veg food
food is very good ..
love the chicken ..
ambience is perfect for a family outing
papad pyaaz ki sabzi and dhaniya paneer adraki are so tasty ....
food is excellent , i especially love the keema muttar .
one of the best place for North Indian food .
but apart from this the food is awesome .
this place is arguably services best Mughlai food in Delhi .
must try !
best food in delhi
d food is awesome ..
one of d best places to eat in delhi ..
a must place to eat ..
fabulous food is the way i want to sum up my experience !
barrah Akbari , Dum Ka Murg and Whole wheat bread , was amazing .
not a single mistake done .
you want tasty delicious food in a proper ambiance without much effort , head to this place .
i would strongly recommend their Garlic Naan .
best place for having good quality pizzas .
being a non - vegetarian i tried the chicken keema pizza which blew me away .
loved their pizza as they had generous layers of cheese .
but we had seen the pizzas on those tables and God they looked so inviting 
but the food is amazing .
the toppings are very generously added .
the chicken keema garlic bread is to die for .
best pizzas ever .
the amount of toppings and cheese makes it a feast .
i was in a rush and had very little time to take an Almond Cube which was absolutely decadent !
the outer crust with shaved and smoked yellow almonds and the inside comes with a little surprise of Mascarpone and Sweet Cream Cheese surprise !
awsm ambiance and a good place to chill out .....
chocolate truffle was amazing along with brownie with melted chocolate ....
excellent decor amazing food and a heritage destination .....
a must try if u r in kolkata
overall awesome .
awesome place , awesome ambience , awesome food quality , awesome desserts , awesome price ( indicating high ) , after - all all good things comes with good price .
the classy decor , the sitting , the fantastic view from the restaurant , very polite n well mannered waiters and then comes the food .
wow. Our Anniversary was just perfect .
i am really glad that the management acknowledge their mistake and the zeal and passion he showed towards food and hospitality .
and today , he personally visited me to apologize .
i got a call from the ceo last night , apologizing for the human error .
must try the " mean ass chicken chilli "
it has got brilliant variety in desserts and main course too ....
a must try in powai 
simply love the pizzas der ...
everything literally just melts in the mouth .
and i must say , the only pizza joint which manages to retain the delicious flavours of the desi Paneer Makhani in it's dough delights .
worth every penny paid .
but doesn't matter for great taste .
truly awesome food ..
great pizza .
highly recommended for pizza lovers .
all you pizza lovers if you want to hav the best pizza u ever had so joey's pizza is the place if u go by a metro then its just 5 min away from metro station .
one of them was vegetarian.we ordered a large chicken tornado and veg.corn exotica and cheese garlic bread ( must try ) .
joey's Rocking pizza's .
dominos , Baskins , Pizza hut , none of them can be compared to the quality of joey's .
heaven for chicken biriyani lovers
this is hands down the best bakery that guwahati has to offer , and i cant thank the owners enough for constantly hitting the mark with their products every single day .
i have been there multiple times and i can assure you the food tastes just as good every single time .
the cakes / pastries are extremely tasty !
they are fresh , perfectly moist , and the flavours are bang on .
i can seriously go on and on about their cakes , they are that good !
the quiche , chicken hot dog , pasta , chicken chop , chicken pita are all amazing and are extremely reasonably priced ; each of them is below Rs. 50 and the pasta is Rs. 60 if i remember correctly .
but my favorite here are chicken italia and zesty chicken pizza , chicken wings , italian rolls and potato wedges .
the food here has always been outstanding for me .
i've never felt even a slight fluctuation in their quality and taste .
it was toppled with insane amounts of chicken & amp ; i absolutely relished it .
really great .
i am definitely going back to the place to try out their famous biryani next time i am in Delhi .
i had heard a lot about it too before i went in with my friends and it was wonderful experience eating delicious North Indian food .
the food is excellent other than biryanias i am Biryani Lover , i can not give more than this .
whosoever ask me a place where they can get the tastiest food , i recommend this place ..
i have never tasted a butter chicken which is so well made ..
while i was waiting i was just thinking of the marvelous food that i was gonna have inside .
cheerful ambience and great interiors .
ambience was stunning
this place is A1 in ambience as well as food .
while the favorite one Berry Pulao sits on every table as you go , other delicacies like baida roti , macaroni , keema Pao must not be missed .
