Coming to the drinks n food - love their appletinis and honey citrus salads.
the menu is cyclic on weekly basis .
the wraps are great too !
The good thing was we enjoyed the meal and the drinks .
Everything was good , but thats what , it was good .
I would recommend it to non vegetarians and the reason is maybe I set the bar a little too high .
But for vegetarians its a strict no , cause if you dont remember what it tasted like than its not worth it .
While it was mostly what I expected , the flavour is not quite the same as what is served in other countries , but it ' s good enough ( loses half a point ) .
My order was one of their famous Peri peri chicken which i could see on most of the tables .
...Galouti Kabab is must have & amp ; as much as you can have .
Biryani is awesome but while having all this save space for desserts as they have wide varieties most of them good .
I had my First Drink Ever at Hard Rock Cafe - Saket Delhi and It was a sex on the Beach drink which was yummy .
Need to work on main course .
Hope less food .
I wasn ' t disappointed and felt that most of these burgers can be a part of the regular menu .
The menu had bland shrimp , oil soaked fish , and different variety of chicken at 8.4 ORNot worth the price .
We left the table without eating our desert .
the food was pretty awesome and the beer was cold to the right degrees .
It happened , i was feeling mesmerized by having " Dahi ke Kabab " and of course they were much much better than my previous experience .
If you like chicken , And only one place you could go in Delhi for Dinner , With friends , or with someone new to the city , or even aloneThis is it .
It was ok , not great and the price range was quite high for all the products .
For those who have any idea or taste of Mughlai Food , this restaurant is not a place to visit .
Coming to the food , the only real reason one goes out to eat , was certainly not up to the mark .
The bread was stale , the fries were soggy the meat cold and the prices high .
I did not enjoy my burger and was let down by the portions as well .
The food lacked energy and depth .
There were too many ingredients that over powered each other .
Whereas the double bacon cheddar was a little better than the Houston expect this place has more room for improvement .
The only thing that I liked were the shakes .
According to the menu , when it was first served in USA it was given a rating of 12 out of 10 .
.. Well having said that the biryani n the kebabs plus the breads can give karims a run for their money .
..Starters are good but not better than barbeque nation .
...Main course is limited and not good at all .
.. they provide you with four types of starters and all are soo good .
The food is good .
The food is good .
The kebabs are not as good as they are at Radisson .
For those who have any idea or taste of Mughlai Food , this restaurant is not a place to visit .
You will be making fool of yourself if you will visit the place with great expectation for Mughlai food .
These people are cheating on you in the name of Mughlai food .
!The worst Buffet Restaurant i have ever been to .
Please avoid such a quite and non - happening place with some of the worst options for vegetarians .
The Great Kabab Factory is the greatest place in Delhi for Indian food .
Should go atleast once to know how good can kababs be !
However the food was good like I expected .
Laal Maas : I am a die hard fan of this speciality from Rajasthan and and you get it best from my hands : - ) .Taste was good but mutton could be more tender and the gravy should be a little less tangy .
In Starter we ordered Makai Seekh and Burrah Akbari ( Kebab ) & amp ; Neza kebab .
Food is OK , service also not that great .
.. Well having said that the biryani n the kebabs plus the breads can give karims a run for their money .
Overall food was good .
Moist and flavorful .
I did see the bartender make at least 5 or 6 of some sort of mojito within 20 min so that must be one of their best - sellers .
..Peri Peri is good but other than that I didn ' t find anything good .
Awesome food !
Their chicken is just too good .
It was big , its taste was balanced .
Their menu is interesting and have many options for the non veg people .
I would just say that the burger was decent nothing great , but I would suggest don ' t try lemon & amp ; heb chicken because its close to be be being bland , it seems to have no chilly , salt nothing and no taste of lemon too !
!Thhe 1 / 4th chicken was good , ample for 1 person I should say and bearably spciy too .
I was told that there is this Portuguese lemonade that is awesome but was not there today .
I enjoyed the Food as much as my other friend enjoyed their peri peri chicken .
As it comes to food appertizer and belive me that really light a spark in me to go for lunch or dinner ASAP .
Heads off to the Chef .
!Not only was the food stale but the snacks were stinking as if served from preserved kitchen coolers and not freshly prepared .
Superb Food .
The food is just great .
These guys are out on a mission to knock you out with their starters which are mind blowing .
If you get to the main course , you will realize that the quality of food does not end at the starters .
They have a good menu for mocktails , cocktails and other alcoholic drinks .
We started with their mutton tikkas , the portion size was quite big and the tikkas were soft .
This is one of the main go - to places for rolls .
The best part however , was clearly the food .
Food : Their Sushi ' s are to die for .
Very average food .
Don ' t have liquor license as of now but said they l get one soon .
Like always the food was very good , can ' t be better .
I do not think many people know ( or that many care for it , but for those who do ) , that they even prepare their dal without onion and garlic .
I was expecting the food to be too delicious and finger licking , it was not as per the expectations .
The best thing was that they had this tradition to eat with hands .
The table next to me was occupied by some business crowed and i think they were some north east and they were literately licking there and taking pictures of the huge bread served to them .
The food without a doubt is good but not great .
I also like their bread basket though if you are going with a large group then you should order naan bukhara to share !
Yet the moment the food arrives you forget these inane thoughts and the flavors overtake you .
Maybe the Daal is overhyped...but it still is fantastic...maybe the menu is boring...all tandoori dry food only .
...but they are the best tandoori options in the city .
Heaven for every foodie ..... Superlyk food , superb ambience .... Must visit !
The best restaurant food I ' ve had in my life .
While the shimla mirch dish was good , the daal was no where close to the hype created about it .
Quite frankly , I had a better Daal at karnal haveli the same day .
Overall , I found the food okayish .
This place is full with so many food lovers , so my friends were right but it did not matter because the taste made up for everything .
Flutterflies & amp ; the Kaala Khatta Whisky were my favourites among all that we ordered !
But it ' s worth going even if you are a vegetarian .
If you love Chinese food , its a must .
Specially will try nasi goreng and soto ayam , its from my country .
The one thing that brings me to this place again and again is the Pad Thai they serve.it is one of the best you can find in delhi .
and i dont mind it either , great fine dine ambience.little load of steps to climb , but really good chinese food to eat.
Other items on the menu that I tried were the biryani and qorma and were average .
All the Mutton preparations are awesome and you just can not resist the temptation and craving after you see or even just get the aroma of it .
Ambience here is not of much importance because as soon as you will get your food you will forget everything except your meal and it is worth paying that much and enjoying .
I recommend this place to all those who enjoy good mutton preparations .
They practice on a number of Mughlai dishes & amp ; have excelled on few of them .
The Kakori version of Kebab is the throne among Alkauser ' s excellence & amp ; majority of Zomato review mentions them .
Also Galauti of chicken version was in our menu list & amp ; to my surprise the aroma & amp ; texture Alkauser created , was mind boggling !
Just keep in mind Chicken Galuti will not melt into your mouth & amp ; tends to be more chewy compared to their mutton counterpart .
Great job .
STREET FOOD at its BestI just love the way they cook their food .
.Very TenderVery JuicyVery SpicySuper Authentic Mughal FoodIt is so good that you need to try everything from their menu , which is not very elaborate .
I ordered a black forest cake from here , yes I know what you are thinking are there people who still have black forest cake .
Well my best friend loves black forest and every time we have a party at her place she insists that we only get a black forest cake and that is exactly what we do for her .
I also like to take some chocolate pastries and Angels in my Kitchen does a modernly good job with some and an excellent job with the others .
They have everything fresh , everything seems like a mini gourmet version of the old bakeries they have strewn around the city , some of those are quite disappointing .
With the right amount of sweetness , moist and soft along that a good attractive texture to go with , Angles in my kitchen adds up the list for craving my sweet tooth .
Except for their Death by Chocolate , I am quite unfazed by any other item they serve .
It ' s not that bad a patisserie but somehow the punch is always missing .
Well even during peak weekend hours , I still see their stuff full on display so either they would be replenishing the stock or never sell out .
I tried the chocolate shot today because it was a small thing to eat before heading for my dinner .
Eg : Rainbow Cake , chocolThere are however few options for people who prefer eggless food .
I have heard a lot about beef burger but being an Indian i avoid to have that .
They have a world cuisine menu and so many different varieties of food , one can really get confused .
Their collection of cocktails are amazing .
The food is out of the world & amp ; the desserts just heavenly , it cannot get better than this .
It wasn ' t too good , but not bad either , particularly if you consider that the buffet was priced at about rs.
The food is impeccable and leaves no room for complaints .
have been there twice... gr8 food .
Food is great.
Pls visit this place and be ready to wait
The side dishes and the salads do not provide the kind of joy that their chicken does .
however the food being the focus , our expectations were met .
Hated the food .
Not of my personal taste .
Great Food .
They have kept their marinate as it actually is in the other parts of the world .
Even those who do not have a penchant for spicy food should give it a try .
It was worth having .
It ' s awesome .
Although the taste is good , you are bound to get tired of the grease .
The starters were amazing and the main course too was quite nice....being a dessert lover my focus in all buffet is always the dessert section which was mind - blowing here .
..though all other items were equally good .
Good food .
People line up to get a chance to taste the food which is worth the wait .
In the end we ordered Kheer , that too was very pale .
But the taste of food is very good .
Few menu items were not available but whatever we ordered was simply amazing .
Food was great .
Few menu items were not available but whatever we ordered was simply amazing .
Food was great .
.i wish they had more of chicken starters on the food menu..Ambience - 4.5 / 5Service - 5 / 5Food - 3.5 / 5
..Then I asked the server about some continental dishes in prawns but they said its not available but he can ask the chef to prepare..but my bad luck still followed and I got Chinese dish Instead of a continental one .
I forced to call the chef who was generous enough to change the dish for us .
Food was great and total value for money .
Our main motive was to taste the good shit ' filter coffee ' and no doubt it was awefuckingsome .
bottomline : i would recommend people to go there for some good food and peace of mind .
Ranging from soft Idli ' s to crispy dosa ' s , they are the pioneers in terms of service and food .
you will fall for it even more .
pannchavarna utthappam , which is recommended in zomato was not that good .
Best is their raha dosa and idli .
pannchavarna utthappam , which is recommended in zomato was not that good .
Food is of course very very good here .
Starters were good but the service was pretty slow.
they were pretty awesome and different as compared to the other regular items like paneer and kebabs .
They have legendary kababs and main dishes as well , all in all , be sure that you come here with an empty hungry stomach .
You should go there only fie food .
Go there if you wanna stuff yourself .
It was quite amazing and not too daunting on my tiny appetite .
I had initially planned to eat pao bhaji , but she explained that they are a franchise soon becoming a self owned place , named nini ' s kitchen .
Finally got a chance to go for dinner...The food was just awesome .
Well let me just say if you are going there to fill your stomachs with ultra delicious food .
Food is also good .
The problem though is that they don ' t have any arrangement to keep the cheese warm .
But overall I liked their food .
The food was as cold as ice .
Kandahari raan is my ultimate fav from here , a must have signature dish which can easily be shared by more than two ppl...
( as kakori kebab ws nt available ) .food quality was good bt nothing spcl to mention abt .
The food menu is wat i liked .
There should be more variety .
This is a good place to eat if you like your kebabs .
If you like Mutton and are a group of 4 - 5 people a good dish to check out is the Kandahari Laham which is basically a tandoori raan ... good stuff.
Food quality is really good .
Food is nice .
The biryani can be avoided .
The nans were as good as ever .
They had room temp lager beer available...eventually they found one cold larger beer from their ali babas cave !
Now coming towards food , it can be reason why I m going to visit this place again .
Food quality is also okay .
Brilliant service and food !
The chennai foodie has quite the number of options to satisfy their craving for north indian food in chennai , and bombay brasserie stands out from all of those by redefining alot of dishes .
A must visit and the Chocolate paper brownie a must to order .
Awesome food ?
Team it with chicken chaap or mutton kossa , if you want the juices flowing .
rajasthani food at its best .
As a Biriyani lover I always eat around many Biriyani joint...So I went there for a so called biriyani experience .
The weekday buffet lunches are not to be missed .
The wide range of desserts will satisfy your sugar cravings .
Do not ever miss the absolutely lip smacking Galouti and Kakori kebabs they offer .
Yet each and every item was brilliant .
But to my surprise The pasta that i had here is one of the best pastas that I have ever tasted .
What to try : 1 ) Rajasthani Methi Murg ( Tandoori item ) 2 ) Kebab Platter3 ) Banofee PieRatings : 1 ) Quality : 5 / 52 ) Quantity : 4 / 53 ) Service : 5 / 5 ( friendly staff ) Highly recommended .
If you are not used to the bland taste or rather , if you love spices , the food could be a turn down .
Food ' s not safe
!The Food is mind blowing and not just for the meat crazy which is usually the case everywhere...
!Do keep some space for their deserts !
Food is nothing to write about .
The biriyani was ok it may be better than dhaka but not better than arsalan / aminia & amp ; also the pieces of mutton n chicken are ok type... .
they ' re the best pizzas I ' ve ever had !
It ' s definitely going to b my go to place for pizzas : D
..awesome food .
Good thing is that you can have two different options in one pizza .
Over all I enjoyed the food and would love to go again .
The quality of food is so much better than other pizza chains .
The toppings are huge as compared to the teeny tiny ones of Domino ' s. Every bite is mouth wateringly delicious .
If you hate pizza , try this place you ' ll change your mind .
If you like pizza , come here and you ' ll love it .
If you love pizza , come here n fall in love again .
So for those who don ' t like the dry remnants of pizzas ( who does ?
) or if your taste buds are jaded by the tastes of Domino ' s and Pizza Hut and are longing for something new , Joey ' s pizza is the place to go !
With toppings Larger than ones seen on dominoes menu and fresher ones .
The food was definitely a treat for our palates .
The show stopper for us were the desserts .
Kudos to the dessert chef , who is doing an excellent job .
We had the jaffa cake and the blood orange cake.. Would go there jus for desserts also .
I almost always eat only dim - sum when we dine here and have tried most of the menu .
A treat to the palate .
The # ginger martini was just perfect to go with # crispy prawn cheung fun , recommended by my new friend Aniket who works at the bar .
This is the only restaurant where with every order , the food keeps getting better .
.we loved the udon noodles here too .
Awesome food .
The dimsums are some of the best I have eaten in the city .
I would highly recommend trying their cheung fun which is similar to a spring roll wrapped in the dumpling pastry .
Never really had too much of the main course as the primary purpose of going here is always to gorge on dumplings .
Absolutely do not miss an opportunity to try their decadent desserts .
An all time favourite is the hazelnut mousse..sinful !
Overall Yauatcha is a must try if you likeDimsums .
for dessert I had the raspberry delice and religieuse I have attached pics they will say it all , the staff is absolutely courteous , I was attended by bapuso such a dear , keep up the good work man .
..great ambience and one of the best sea food i ever had .
The food is out of this world .
I will surely want to recommendThe truffle dim sum .
Will recommend it to anyone who loves authentic Chinese cuisine .
I must say that its one of the finest Chinese restaurants I ' ve been to .
The food was just so flavorful and not to forget the immaculate plating of the food .
Enjoy your meal to the max
The outlet is famous for its Parasi and Mumbai , snacks and drinks .
Helpings arent big either .
Best Parsi food in town ( not that there are many choices ) .
Simple but good food nice concept
Food tasted good not that of expected .
As we went on our friends birthday we enjoyed a lot eating the tastiest items on the menu , even though it was after hours the food tasted good .
I love SE Asian Food and Urban Asia tops it all the way in that department .
But the main course was not impressive .
Food however was nowhere near taste .
Sorry to say Dominos choco lava cake is much betterOverall disappointed .
Ambience is okay and starters and all are good but i should say about biryani ( mutton ) which is awful ( atleast for us ) .
Drinks are steep too but the only joint I know doing hookah and booze other than Falakhnuma .
Desserts are also fine but not that great .
The starters are the only thing that tastes better than any other thing on the buffet .
Food : The food here is good .
Even the dishes have been named with such creativity .
But we vegetarians had a gala time too .
The plums had settled at the bottom and had to be stirred to bring out the flavor .
However the khari could have been crispier .
Raspberry soda : I was looking forward to this one because I have heard people rave about it .
I think this one could have used a lil more flavor .
Much better than Bombay Sandwich .
I loved the food here and would definitely recommend for those who haven ' t tried Parsi food .
worth recommending.. go for it if you are looking for good beer and good food .
Pizza is too good .
Food is good and totally worth the price .
I had ordered duck though it was a disappointment to my expectation and they were courteous enough to change my order at no extra cost .
I have been a regular customer of this fusion , Mediterranean ( claimed ) .
One of the best restaurants I hoisted awesome food highly recommended a bit expensive but totally worth it loved their food
The food which for us was a pre - selected menu was also fantastic.
And the food was great !
The quality of food was OK but it was nothing significant to write about .
A must visit for a fan of Bengali cuisine - that ' s what I thought after seeing the menu .
It is one of the few places where ( i thought ) one could get authentic bangla dishes , and still it doesn ' t do justice to this fact.
Food is what matters .
must mention the kasha mangsha served there is no where wat we bings make .
A must visit for who likes Bengali cuisine .
Also would love to try other dishes they have next time like luchi and all .
But the food was awesome .
The luchi was great and it was a delight to have it after a long time .
Not like what I have tasted in other Bengali restaurants .
They have one more unit at Zoo Tiniali and I have tried couple of times there and food has always been awesome there .
Last but not the least Food is awesome as always and well done team crackling mustard for being able to maintain the same quality and standard as promised .
Food is good .
Try out at any item.. .
Its a Bar cum Restaurant .
You get HOOKAH with n number of varieties .
dominossss... i dont knw wht has happened with them they used to be famous for cheesy burst but even u burst the pizza u ' ll not find the cheese... dudes pls dont do that .
..i just went ther some days back with my frnd... and it was like there was no cheese in cheesy burst so after first bite i complaint for that and after a big conversation with the manager he agreed to replace and the thing i received was awesome guys u are actually famous for that .
Domino ' s Pizza upto a few years back was very inventive and their pizza ' s were loaded with stuff .
But in recent times as with my previous 2 orders the quality has gone down considerably .
These BBQ chicken are the same as frozen Kewabs that we get in the local market at Rs.70 - 80 per 500gms .
Their complete Pizza range has been stagnant for years , with no improvement and no new innovation except the stupid liquid cheese which is also at times salty or sour .
It is one of the only places that actually know how to make a decent hookah .
The flavor doesn ' t burn out too quickly , the smoke comes easily without having to pull too hard and ash doesn ' t choke the pipe .
The food too is great .
As far as food goes we were happy with just the potato basket .
The drinks menu was acceptable...
But , it seriously fell shot in the food menu...
It ' s understandable that the food joint want to keep the food menu very lean and selective , but this went beyond acceptable... Common , just 5 chicken recipes in entire food menu ?
Food is just bad .
The taste of food is average 40 % not to expected level .
They have the best Nachos !
Being a foodie , I ' m on a constant search to look out for the best Nachos - theirs is just right .
I like their brunches as well good variety and decent entertainment....... Keep up the good work will visit again .
.best thing on da menu is Jack Daniels Chocolate Mousse , its a must try .
But the food quality has dropped off lately ( 2 - 3 years ) along with their prices shooting up .
Food is average .
They have a lot of options available , when it comes to drinks .
The food is but can be made better .
good variety in food ( aka very long menu ) , the alcohol menu is also reasonably exhaustive ( read punchy cocktails ) .
Only Problem is With Food .
, Nuggets and Popcorns are one of the best you find in the town , the preparation and portions are impeccable and have never deteriorated unlike many other so called Old Restaurants .
I ' m dying to have one while writing this .
It was QUITE bitter to my expectation , to the point where I had to put 3 sugar pouches in it .
The curry selection is also very stylishly named and exhaustive but i ' m sure everyone will find a dish of their liking on the menu .
Have been here several times , keep coming back for their deserts and u limited whiskey sour menu .
With all the competition around with the food outlets , a little more flavoring with the food would help .
If I would suggest a buffet to anyone in Jaipur , it ha to be at Okra .
They keep experimenting with a few bakery products every now and then and I have found it to turn out good most of the times .
However , once we ordered a dish by the menu but it was not upto the mark so we sent it back to the kitchen .
This was not accepted from a hotel of the class of Marriott .
I havent had any lunch or dinner at this place , but the breakfasts i had were fabulous .
Based on that , i do rue on missing out the chance to have a proper meal in this restaurant .
.the quality of food they serve is amazing !
.the shushi and teppenyaki are quiet nice too .
I went to the one in jubilee hills , we were a group of 6. we ordered a 2 pizzas and 2 pastas and also a couple of drinks .
I must say the pastas were a disappointment .
Our drinks were fine too .
The salad bar was great , the pizza and pasta was good too and so was the Mexican .
Best pizzas if you are a pizza lover .
Food was excellent and was worth the wait .
This is the first time i have been to AB ' s , we are group of 5 family members we all enjoyed happily.food was very good starters are excellent , And desserts are pretty much fine .
Great food .
Food is the real deal here plus the mocktail .
looks all great but food is a big downer for me .
.. which will make your taste buds go high !
I wish they had more choice in food though I ordered nachos and they came in such a big heap that by the time we came to the end it was soggy .
BTW the burgers are to die for .
Food is good .
Food is delicious and the coctails are also very good .
Could do much better .
You can have the forbidden Absinthe here !
.. Found a cockroach in my desert of Gulab Jamun... Called the manager but he was very casual...
Food is tasteless .
And the best thing is the buy - two - get - three shots service : ) The blue kamakazi shot was awesome !
We ate Hickory BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger as well as Fritto Misto , I don ' t remember name of the dishes .
It was up to the expectations .
I ordered there grilled sandwich which was not upto my expectations .
Drinks were good and we enjoyed it but food was not that great .
Later came the " SO " called Butter Garlic Prawns , not sure if the chef had his mind concentrated while cooking this .
Awesome mughlai food till date , many people might say it has lost its quality n oll.....but the food is really good .
amaging food
Good ambience great food .
..there is jst so much food .
the starters r awesome...i dont remember th names of all the fud but again everything was nice .
!Been there for a buffet lunch and the quality of those variety foods including different chats is really appreciable unlike the other restaurants .
Vegetarians had a bad time as they had almost nothing ( or only bad dishes ) to choose from !
Please review your vegetarian menu .
Various amazing and different food items is sure to surprise you .
....however the flavours are not very authentic as is what I can get in a Bengali household
A la carte is way better , the buffet needs to improve a lot .
I have been here once and the bhetki maacher Paturi is their USP .
A must try at this restaurant is their smoked hilsa .
Awesome food !
Food is good .
If you love pizza...this is your destination
Great food .
If you are going for the first time , close your eyes and order the Joey ' s special .
The potatoes were so amazing that we all had some : ) needless to mention their thoughtfully designed menu with great balance and spectrum of dishes .
The food was absolutely amazing and since then it has been my first choice for any Asian cuisine cravings .
Whats even more amazing is that you can have 2 different pizzas in one with their half and half option .
Deserts & amp ; the mock tail that we had ordered are also fantastic .
The pizza sandwiches are great to try if one is willing to try something different .
I think this place beats the regular , mainstream pizza chains by a very huge margin when it comes to variety , quantity of toppings , quality of cheese used and the freshness of the breads .
BETTER THAN MOST OF THE BIG NAMES LIKE PIZZA HUT , DOMINOS ETC .
Secondly , the food that we ordered was pathetic .
The lasagne was way too salty .
I am pretty sure once they start serving their brewed beer , places like TOIT and all will be given a run for their money .
Mutton biriyani is so good that i am yet to try other items .
4.5 just for the food : )
It got too smoky.. We had 2 starters and cocktails and left... As this place anyways doesn ' t have much for main course.. .
All they had to do was nail down some carefully selected and prepared appetizers and they were off to the races .
Unfortunately , they chose to go the route of Lebanese / quasi Mediterranean food that is neither here nor there .
He food is sub - par .
I think the chef earlier ran away .
The food is good .
But the food is a let down .
The starters we ordered were cold and the main course was also forgettable .
I ' ll get straight to the point : what to order : Galawati kebab - will melt your heart .
Even the non mutton people will love this one .
Salli chicken - I don ' t know what or who salli is , nor do we have the time to talk about that , but oh my , Salli rules .
Chur chur paratas - I ' m not a parata fan , but this is one magnificent invention .
Paneer lifafa : The braver of you will order this .
All of the dishes were just YUMMIEE !
Lastly try the amazing waffle recipes they have to offer .
Food is too tasty whether it is pizza , pasta , burger...and obviously the peacher is must to have : ) .
The pizzas over here are too good and same is the case with most of the drinks .
The lasagne is also fine but not too good to be given a try .
I have had numerous desserts there and they were not bad at all , but it I wouldn ' t call them superlative also .
Every second shop In Delhi can serve you much better chicken rara then there and please save your hard earned money ?
!The icecream in a flower pot is a must try for people with a sweet tooth , and also for people who want to be surprised ; ) !!
We always tuck in at ma fave corner away from everyone and enjoy our peaceful lunchThe food here is well good , really good .
The desserts here are something that are only for pictures and really do not taste as well as they look .
Though Atmosphere 6 publicizes itself as a place to have world cuisine , the menu is anything but .
We were also taken aback by the menu card itself .
Have seen better quality of menu cards at roadside dhaabas .
Coming to the food itself , it is anything but out of the world .
The portion sizes are decent but the taste is just about average .
.. Burmese food !
Its worth the 4.3 rating on zomato because its cheap it serves some excellent pizza ' s. Well the best reason to visit this place is because the pizza ' s are just yumm and compared to other pizza corners like pizza hut and dominoes their pizzas seem very dry compared to joeys .
My recommendation would be their " The Meats " although all the other pizzas i have tried here cannot be berated .
I wish there were more joeys than the commercial dominos or pizza hut..Best pizza ever .
.and yes salute to d chef.. its far better den pizza hut or Domino ' s. .
The food was good .
Food is awesome , only starters are available .
The highlight however , is the quality of food and beverage .
Their drinks are well made and their appetizers are above par , despite being pedestrian in choice .
He suggest us for the menu and we called for the stuffs he suggested all were really good .
Samosa salad was something new and must try .
And at last don ' t forget to try out Tea .
Non veg would be a gem to the menu .
A very small place with good food , good ambience , and it ' s special herbal teas !
The fusion of foods ( samosa floating in soup ) was mind - blowing and the result was brilliant .
You should check " busaba " for how they make their khao suey .
I went there today not only because it is at a stone ' s throw from my office but also because it quenches your hunger like no other .
We ordered - Crema Di FungiLasagne Alla GypsyBabycorn LongI have lovely things to say about all of them except Babycorn long .
We can pay for the food as the quality is so superior although it is veg .
Been here thrice and tried a variety of their pastas..
I haven ' t tried their buffet , so can ' t comment on that .
Being an ardent fan of this cuisine , I know what I am saying when I call this is as good as Italian food gets in this country .
Warning : As awesome as the appetizers look , do not eat too much of it .
Absolutely different style of preparing and presenting food .
Food is amazing and assistant manager is very knowledgeable and has amazingly pleasing personality .
..food quality poor...we demanded that please gve us food .
They dont ' hve even chiller for ice creams...Poor..I wont ' send my enemies to that place even...Negative negative.. .
Food is good as always .
Finally , the main course , this is undoubtedly the best burger I ' ve ever had in Madras , mainly because its a beef patty .
Can not ask for better thai food in punjab region .
And i also found kamakazi shots in the menu , that made my day .
Very poor food preparation.. nt worth it .
One thing about this outlet of Katani is , the preparation of food is bit low as compares to other outlet of katani .
But Chandigarh ' s Katani was far better in food wise.
I ordered the Veggie combo which was pretty decent and I wouldn ' t say it was worth the money but still can be tried once .
At that time back in the 90s , this would be the place for Birthday bashes and events and I still remember their Chicken Salami and Cheese Pizza ( which no longer tastes the same as it used to back then ) .
Their Burgers are undoubtedly one of the best that you get in Chandigarh , full bodied and juicy unlike the plastic machined burgers of McDonald ' s.Also great on their menu and worth trying are Chicken Noodles , Manchurian and Garlic Chicken .
They ' re not authentic ( as in Chinese authentic ) but who cares as long as they taste great .
Lot of games for the Children and their Bakery Items are the Best .
worst food ever tasted ..........wastege of money .
Food quality is very good and they have this buffet thing lunch for 550 and dinner for 750 .
Unlimited food !
A day later we were all puking !
Starters were goodMain course was normalDesserts options were more but need to improve quality .
dishes served here are of good taste and you will find one of them to be best in your list .
We were given the menu for the day , which is very difficult to remember .
Only point I could thought of is they offered 10 starters in veg but some of were rare.
Food here , is awesome !
This restaurant really treats your taste buds right .
The menu list is long .
I will not say their food is the best I ever had , but it is definitely GOOD .
Your taste buds will be tickled .
They have a number of exquisite dishes on their menu but both the dishes we ordered were quite bland .
Food : Food quality is good in general .
though we generally enjoy beers but that day we went for cocktail and as usual it was difficult for me to choose and finally I said bring your best .
What ever that was but it was a good , it was high in whisky and so i was later : pwell food was good we had a khatti rool thats it , but you wont find much of exotic choice here just the normal grill tandoor items .
We were 4 of us and started with beers , actually were spoil t for choice for starters as we never wanted to order main course .
They really were so soft that we ordered one more .
But awsem food .
The food and the snacks are very limited for the vegetarian lovers..we tried corn seekh kababs and they were just okay..i have also tried the main course but that too is average in comparison to the rates it offer .
So , in all I did not find the quality in accordance to the prices
If ur lookin for a great place to dine , try wild dining its classicaly authentic n has a great theme ( jungle ) .
Starters not that good .
My parents being vegetarian ordered the vegetarian set menu - in which there were 2 options for the main course so dad got one and mum the other ( and I ordered the non vegetarian one ; so we basically had a try of all of the different items they have to offer .
This being our first time , he helped us navigate the menu and recommended some really good options like the duck and the lamb ( for me ) , and the mushroom chai for all of us .
Only problem being it was a huge portion , the 3 of us barely got through half .
We were so busy munching through all of the entrees and the main , by the time we got to the dessert , we had no room left !
Truely amazing n new concept of food .
Limited choices from the menu .
We had a drink suggested by the waiter which was very innovative and nothing like I ' ve ever had before .
All the items on their menu have some or the other twist .
The food has a few gastronomic things , but that ' s about it .
The dishes are plane jane , right from the starters to the desserts we did not find anything that was overly amazing , this kind of food can be found anywhere in Mumbai to be very honest .
The mocktails weren ' t that extraordinary either .
The menu is definitely interesting with some great fusion food options .
They offered a Misti doi flavored sorbet to cleanse the palate before the main course , it was an awesome experience to eat Misti doi on a stick , modern food at its best .
You eat with your eyes first : )
We loved everything so much that we wouldn ' t stop eating and well let ' s just say it didn ' t do our digestion any good !
Must try the Bengali Aloo Dum - it does sound run of the mill but these guys did a good job reinventing the dish .
If you love dark chocolate frosting , you must go here .
Vanilla frostings are not the best though .
Their red velvet cake is really very good .
The pastry was extremely average , because Patisserie Opera makes far more better pastries .
Surprisingly , only the Namkeen food was good .
.
Chicken items , whether be it chicken sandwich , chicken pita or chicken hotdog , all are of very good quality and come at a reasonable price .
..The buffet menu has very few options .
Taste is awesome and service is likely
Childhood fav , I think every person in delhi must have gone to this restaurant atleast once , went here after ages , and still the food was same just delicious !
I went to GULATI after many years and have to say that they have maintained their taste and quality and portions which quite good .
A lot of restaurants have both the dishes prepared in the exact same curry but the chefs at Gulati understand that cooking chicken and cooking paneer can ' t be done in the exact same way which is why they make sure they come up with something that stays with a person .
Average food , especially the stuff which I had heard as must - eats .
One of the best restaurant in delhi , Nice ambience , good taste and best dal makhani in the city .
Gosht ki nihari and the biryani was just too good .
Cons : They are generous servers .
So be proficient in ordering .
Now coming to the most important thing , the food .
Serves authentic Mughlai food with good ambience .
The chef specials are a must try .
Do not forget to enjoy the Kulfi ( stick icecream ) from the special store just outside the restaurant .
Come to this place if you absolutely sure you dont want Indian food
The environment was awesome , the food was not very awe inspiring or taste bud tingling .
Their happy hours too are quite convenient to enjoy .
The starters are good too .
What surpise is food it is good but not to the mark of best .
I have been there for my b ' day party at that time food was awasome I and my friends really enjoyed it .
The food at this place is to die for and those burgers / sandwiches and platters will make you a frequent visitor to this place .
The food at ICE LOUNGE appears simple , but the flavors have remarkable depth .
Beer Is very good .
While waiting at the bar - we decided to try a couple of drinks .
The bartender even allowed us to sample some sugarcane juice given I was keen to try it out .
As we settled down on the table , we decided to dive into the berry polao and Sali mutton .
The quality has dipped big time .
The food was dreadfully poor .
I don ' t think owners of this restaurant are concerned with food quality that much .
We were utterly disappointed by the quality of food .
Its late night you can be tired after partying and might have had only finger food or like you are all awake and studying and don ' t feel like nagging someone to cook or it can be like you are just plane jane hungry , BATMAN is the messiah , the solution to your hunger pangs and believe me you will like the food too .
If you love chicken and dont care for the ambience.... Than they make it best .
Quantity too was good .
First thing first..Food is flavorsome and delectable .
But regarding the rating of food i just can say it was delicious and amazing .
But rest all the items we ordered were refreshing .
Suggest you to order thick gravy items ( Kababs ) and not the gravy ones .
These dishes never bore you for any number of times you eat them .
Its a guarantee that he won ' t regret it because the taste is just that awesome .
They also have tawa section which is not bad but I prefer the other part of the menu as mentioned earlier .
Awesome food
Make sure you them decent time to deliver as its not a domino ' s. However you can match their quality of pizzas with Domino ' s and better than other pizza outlets .
An awesome pizza joint , don ' t forget to order their cheese dip it ' s awesome .
The only disappointments are the garlic breads and service .
To my surprise , the quantity and quality of food has gone down drastically .
This is one place where the food is so awesome..one cant resist to drop in anytime .
I tried most of the dishes and guys i was spellbound..Simply a Happy Place to be with the awesome food and jolly ambience..Love it !
Overall the food was good .
Punjabi is awesome , and food is also really good , biryani was just too good .
I was expecting a lot from the food we ordered however it did not live up to the expectations .
Last time I was here I was mad over the food here .
But there is a serious lack of choices on the food menu .
The food here is not that great .
They need more food options .
The shots are really good and the food is also good !
However if you are going to eat then it is not at recommended .
Best burgers in town ?
as regards the food , it ' s very ok.we called for a martini which was not what the menu stated.
there was evidence of basil at all .
it was like having and overlooked pulao.thts it we decided to stop ordering and get the hell out of there .
To be honest , I had nt had a burger in several years and just felt like having one and MY GOD , one of the best burgers in a very very long time .
Next time around , need to prep my appetite to try more items on the menu .
But the food sucks totally..
The pork slider is a chef special and our standard order !
Should have had some more options in the food menu .
Cocktails could have been better .
Only two deserts were on the menu .
The finger food along with the drinks is all good , but you can ' t miss the desserts here !
I ordered pizza and my wife pastaThe pizza as they claimed it to be was horrible simply bland and the pasta was like the 1s u get in some cheap cafe .
I didn ' t find the food that appealing .
Many food items lack taste .
Also lack of variety in the menu .
... but to my surprise it was on contrary...I could not find a trace of oil .
Both were up to the mark and expectation , a flavors were to perfection .
Thumbs up for the continental food .
i have trouble deciding what to eat and more importantly , what to forego , every single time i go there !
( Good point ) Tip : If coffee improves a lil bit , it would be quite better .
with my insatiable appetite for desserts and their rather appealing list , there was no way I was leaving without trying one .
now it has become one of the few restaurants i ' d drop by JUST for desserts !
Good places to enjoe new combinations in mock tails n shakes .
The menu is nice but a little cluttered and confusing .
The pizza was a little too cheesy for my taste .
FOOD : Very elaborate menu from different part of country .
Certainly not quality food .
.Every cuisine that the restaurant claims to have is not done any justice to .
After having visited the restaurant at least 7 - 8 times ( coz friends dragged me ) and after having tried so many different dishes I can say with confidence that the food overall is simply not impressive by any standard !
.. Amazing starters and cocktails , great rooftop and wonderful disc... Value for money .
.. Amazing starters and cocktails , great rooftop and wonderful disc... Value for money .
Yummy food and good ambience !
But other than that , pizza is okayish .
Superb food .
If you ever go here and don ' t have it - you ' ve sinned !
You must have this if you are visiting Replay .
I can compare it with best of joints in Jaipur when its about food .
With beer , it is sorry to say .
The food was nice not great .
I expected it to be flavoursome but it was more of for people with generic palette .
* * FOOD * * This is the most important part of visiting a restaurant : PThe food quality was upto the mark , good and hot sizzling food served right on time .
good food , gr8 ambiance ..
we had a good experience in a different cuisines you have a very good ambiance nd wide range of foods to taste ....
so have fun who ever goes there try all the food at least taste evrything ....
but , a good effort by them with good food ...
if u r a chickn freak ..
they have got different types of items in their menu .
the food is quite good and most importantly its really value for money .
i have tried the platters mostly and few salads and i hv no complains about the food whatsoever .
tip for tummy : watch out for the spicy ones , they do burn !
the food was awesome ...
great Food ...
appetizer was too good ......
also the taste wasn't up to my expectations .
we felt the portion size is very less in comparison with the price ...
it's comandable that inspite of soo much rush the food is awesome ..
the food still has a lot of scope for improvement to match up the decor .
food was good !
the quantity and quality of food is great at a very competitive pricing .
they are a gastronomical delight !
must have pizzas !
in addition you can even order an assorted pizza , that is , you can order part of one flavour and part another flavour .
awesome food with amazing innovative menu ...
full points to the burger as well ...
the food quality is good too .
food is average taste cannot expect more in such breweries where folks come in to enjoy in house beers .
food was everything promised and more .
food is yummm ....
i was very much disappointed with thatbiryani was not bad .
and when in Confucius this # lamb_perking_style cannot be missed .
monchow spup was good .
their special irani chai is something different .
but if you have the taste for it , you should try it .
if you want you can just go there and have tea and cookies and a sandwich .
their Bombay sandwich is really good .
they only have Draught Beer so just get one large jug ( its good on your wallet ) and then enjoy .
tanduri utems are excellant .
we enjoyed food a lot .
food was good
i rate it 5 for its food ...
it has the awaomest food taste ...
go if you want to have Dhaba food
the food in my opinion was very ordinary .
food is average ..
not top of the world as has been hyped .
in terms of extensiveness of the menu , there isn't a lot of stuff to choose from
the base and the taste was just too good .
the food is pretty good , and if you know what to order , then you won't be disappointed
the spread was nothing to talk about
it was amazing to see pizza being made live and it is delicious too ...
everything is fantastic from drink to starters till the main course , every food item is amazing .
the food was average
everything we ordered was as expected would have rated it 5 stars
the drinks menu is exhaustive and has some mean cocktails , wide range of single malts , and a good beer selection .
the food
some dishes are good ,
but the menu lacks consistency .
their various types of marinating according to your choice blow you away .
but stay away from the the refreshmint !
great food .
damn , i am drooling by just mentioning about these food .
would be back to hrc
but again you should really go there for the food .
all the combos they give have their own speciality .
the food was good
hi , i have visited this restaurant with my family on 29 - 08 - 2014 , and did not enjoyed the food at alll .
the food was good tasty for people who want to get introduced to western & amp ; asian cuisine for the first time.
but the host who took my order hadn't studied the menu well , there were some items on the menu that i discussed with him about which he had no clue.
the taste of food could have been better if they would have kept same mumbaiya taste
but not - it is modified and looks disaster .
the dosas they serve are such cold that looks like frozen food .
limited
but very good quality food !
i've been told the restaurant has been running for really long and the quality of food remains the same , i.e .
if i wanted to just unwind , hear the wind and the chimes ring while i read my book , i'd probably head here to blow my monthly budget for some just - about - alright food .
essentially , would go here for the character of the restaurant and not the food ( with the exception of the mango desserts they got sometime back ) .
the Banoffe pie was superb .
the burgers and the Cappuccino ( Dunnkaccino ) remain more or less the same , the donut size has reduced considerably ; something that saddened me .
the food n juice both are superb
don't think it's the place to be for vegetarians .
but it was a bit disappointing this time , because of less number of starters and they were average taste - wise .
desserts were a big no , hated the pastry items , only chocolate brownie was good .
but the main course is not up to the markthere is a huge varirty of dessert
but it lacks quality moreover the menu is always d same
the food was something i was not impressed with much ..
having said that one thing which i would highly recommend on there menu is the mutton berry Pulao .....
having studied in pune i have eaten bun maska keema pav and parsi food at places like good luck cafe , Zamus etc and frankly the food here was no where near there level.
but wasn't that much flattered with the food .
food wasn't really out of the box or exceptionally amazing , it was just nice enough .
the list of drinks are long along with nice hookahs
i also orderd a masala peanuts to go with my bucket of 5 beer .
don't have many options .
so if you wanna go for drinks time its a big no no .
as a vegetarian you'd not expect a great variety
they have marble ice cream and you can mix it up and add your own stuff to it like sprinkles and sauce .
best part they have churros 
the Parsi named alcoholic drinks are a welcome addition
mrs sodabottleopenerwala's cold coffee is a must try .
shinkanji " and i would suggest if u go there please try this the taste is yummy and pulao is very differentmy first visit was with my office friends ..
daal makhni can't get any better , it's creamy buttery and simply delicious , paneer is lip smacking in short , it's simply scrumptious !
biryani's are worth a try as well , its served with mirchi salan & amp ; raita .
please go to this place by putting off your guards of having healthy food , have everything makhan marke and you will love it .
love the dal makhni and butter chicken over here , mouth watering .
but hats off to the place , it still hasn't lost its charm , taste and quality of food .
buffett is fantastic !
ul lost count on the variety of dishes offered in the buffet ..
as with all other joints in this location - no alcohol is served - you got to get a high from the awesome food quality .
have been there atleast 15 times & amp ; the food have never disappointed me !
kebabs ..
my usual fare here has been their wide offerings of pasta ; with pasta in white sauce probably my favourite .............
so correctly done that they melt in your mouth ..............
the Sticky Toffee Pudding , probably had the best toffee filling i have had in ages ..............
great place for a quick yummy Pasta n shakes
potato skin baked with bacons ...
all orders till now perfect ..
but the moment you indulge into their dishes youll find that its all worth it .
its only mains and sweet dishes .
its a great idea to serve that sply during summers / monsoon as a cool drink .
dessert section was minimal
highly recommended for ppl looking for a great dine in with an option of buffet .
dum ka murg , bhuna gosht ...
must try dishes !
we ordered fish tikka and dal makhni ...
we had it with khasta roti and boy it was heaven !
the Buffet is good offers alot of variety in veg ..
ammazing taste ...
tasty veg and non veg dishes ....
coz talking abt just food it deserves above 4 ....
i am a regular at this place and the food never stops to amaze me each time i visit .
a best place for Non Veg lovers ....
there Non veg kebab's are to die for ..
yummilicious ...
galouti Kebab , Rogan Josh , Kakori Kebab , Murgh Malai Tikka , Barrah Akbari , Butter Chicken , Dal Makhani , Paneer Lababdar , Ambience is normal ..
the Food Is Ordinary - Nothing Special About It .
:dal makhni , gobhi masala , dalhoti kabaab , dahi k kabab .
:2 / 5Quantity
:please dont eat sweet dish in gulati coz u'll be missing out the best kulfi of krishna kulfiwala which is just outside the gulati restaurant .
i literally couldn't eat , thanks to mcdonald's i didn't sleep empty stomach .
chicken wasn't fresh , Panner jalfrezi was like eating shev bhaji in some dhaba .
mock tails wasn't good at all .
the place serves great seafood .
just order anything and it will be amazing .
one of the best places for Butter Chicken in Delhi 
like you want to get some Tangri kebabs after a night if driving - Pandara road is your place .
the service has not exceptional and the menu is pretty standard for a Punjabi / Mughlai restaurant .
nice pizza .......
great food with nice garnishing .
fish skewers was the best for me .
but thay provide us in open place no wait.so here my exprience - the stater served at our table very notch quality and tasty and wish drink is the most innovative shot was awesome yummy thanks ( jai nayak )
servings are quite small with the Momos just 4 bite size ones per serving .
as for my experience , i loved it !
and it was served with a very pretty Bamboo Straw
and we decided to give their Mains a miss and stick to Sushi and Dimsum .
scallops and Shrimp Dumsum
:5 / 5 served with 3 delicious sauces2 .
seafood rolled in Mango Mayo
:4 / 53 .
norwegian Salmon Maki
:4 / 54 .
korean Tacos
:3 / 55 .
cuttle Fish Sushi
so if you are willing to experiment try it out with an open mind .
they got me on the technicality there i guess ; ) It tasted good
very average ) Jumbo Tiger Prawn ( i didn't notice that Prawn was singular in the menu and we ended up getting one Prawn .
the Asparagus Wasabi with Mashed potato - It was ok ok .
we didn't even find the Wasabi taste in it , so asked the waiter for wasabi paste which served the purpose .
it was filled with Chilly flakes and seeds and didn't really taste any good and we ended up leaving most of it .
dahi papdi and gol gappa ( looks like most restaurants find this cheap or Indians like this 
watever ) , below average taste .
( not seen such mistakes in any restaurant ) .
:4 / 5food
one of the best places for andhra biriyani .....
they do not serve alcohol
but have a lovely selection of fresh mocktails , i recommend all the iced tea's .
also try the summer roles , tofu satay , tom yum soup and fiery prawns .
and three indian vegetarian gravy.sweet dish included gajar ka halwa , gulab jamoon , assorted pastries and ice cream. gajar ka halwa was a stand out. very mildly sweetend and cooked well in milk.service - the service was prompt and courteousprice - reasonable enough for the quality of the food and service provided.i would surely recommend grill square .
after long time i realy enjoyed the food and had a good time .
burger in Bangalore ,
, truffles always come to my mind. ..
it is one of the best spot for delicious food that you don't want to miss. .....
but they surprised me with quite a few options for us 'ghaas - phoos ' eating people .
a cheese lover myself , the all American cheese burger appealed greatly to me .
but , what stole my heart was their hotch potch cake - a dense chocolate cake , served hot , with the chocolate oozing all over is sure to give you the goosebumps ( an excellent remedy for a break up too. ; ] ) The ferrero rocher cake is a must try too .
this place has great starters and decent maincourse and good desserts .
all i liked was kokam drink .
but again not that great .
some of the dishes are at par if not better with Indian Accent which the gold standard for contemporary Indian cuisine .
i am yet to have a good desert in both my visits there .
and even think about ordering Enchanted chocolate mock tail , it's a blend of hersheys syrup , crushed ice and soda .
taste - fine ,
but quantity against my money Really Poor .
next was some desert as of which i am very fond of , so i thought of trying Something diff known as parle g cheesecake Around Rs 360 , The yuckiest desert i had in my life it may make you puke. so i please Request you to never ever Order this thing this was my 2nd Mistake this evening .
the truffle oil mushrooms has garlic beyond acceptable limits i felt .
mains we got the paneer makhani and pao bhaji ...
but i wont go especially just looking for its food .
the man behind the bar surely does know how to mix those cocktails right .
i loved the pasta ...
and the oriental is pretty amazing too ...
food here is just awesome along with nice ambiance .
some items may be over - priced
i have already fallen head over heels for all of loyans ' products .
i am in love with the filling .
the pastries - i am still searching for a place that could make loyans step down to the 2nd position ** the red carpet cake - each and every event of mine is enhanced with a loyans cake .
the reason why by now i am a bit bored with chocolates cakes .
when i confessed this to them , they immediately came up with the red carpet cake , which is claimed to be new and a loyans speciality .
it tasted divine .
this cake is surely a must - try .
chicken quiche is my fav. followed by Chicken roll which is pan - fried to give a nice crispy outer layer .
but after eating one thing you must say , that is wow 
chicken yumm .
good place for evening snacks with friends ..
i mostly went alone there in evening just to had a chicken snacker and a cold coffee or a Krusher .
but a sheer disappointment , Its so not Good , to tell you kfc uses turkeys instead of chickens , and with time kfc has lost its quality and the food it served during its initial days ..
i am not too fond of domino's pizzas .
but , to my utter disappointment , the pasta tasted very different from what i have tasted in other domino's outlets outside Guwahati .
got hair on the dish twice
a mixed bag.while some items r extremely gud , oders suck big tym.dimsums r absolutely delicious.bt pan fried noodles is sumthng dat 1 shud totally give a miss
got hair on the dish twice
pork , shreded lamb and sticky rice are must try ...
it had a mix of pretty much everything around the world .
but i certainly do not support the use bamboo shoots in african piri piri sauce. apart from that issue , i guess it wasn't that bad .
but it seems to fit perfectly ) of the spices .
finally we ended our meal with Orange Panna Cotta .
total disaster ..!
i wouldn't ever try their panna cotta again 
but based on the main course , i would say it is worth visiting once .
i wouldn't try the burrito again
an experience to enjoy the culinary of the french
must visit place for veg Italian lovers .
these guys will give you a very great Food with a very good and decent quantity .
i ended up eating the Naan with the oily masala hich gave me a heart burn and and upset stomach .
i would give them 5.0 for their excellent food .
if you want to have nihari you have to order it before .
excellent food ( you must try the largest nann bread in the world ) .
nothing else to order in vegetarian
though except paneer tikka .
if u r a vegetarian only go for it if u r a fan of dal makhani .
papad pyaaz ki sabzi and dhaniya paneer adraki are so tasty ....
kulfi outside is yum 
paneer Lababdar , Galouti Kebab , Rogan Josh , Murgh Malai Tikka , Kakori Kebab , Dal Makhani , Barrah Akbari , Butter chickenmoreover , it attracts nice crowd too and best place for after party dinner coz it's open till 12 midnight .
fabulous food is the way i want to sum up my experience !
you want tasty delicious food in a proper ambiance without much effort , head to this place .
best place for having good quality pizzas .
recently had ordered Mexican bonanza and a Mixed veg prizzini .
one can also get a 50 - 50 half thin crust half regular .
could get a 5 if the service and space are taken care of !
joeys special and chicken delight are very good .
the amount of toppings and cheese makes it a feast .
why not try out a desi brand and enjoy a much better pizzas ..
more toppings better crust ....
hands down one of the better places to enjoy the pizzas
and its just garnish lovely ...
i was in a rush and had very little time to take an Almond Cube which was absolutely decadent !
i can't miss a full - fledged meal here when i come for the next time , breakfast especially since that is really special !
been n toast is good
asparagus roll was also a waste .....
limited options for vege lovers ....
although its known for its hookah , sandwiches will not disappoint you 
hookah .....
cheese maggi ...
do try vanilla milk shake and bombay bhel
and mouth watering maggi and pastas
hookah is the usp of this place
went there only for the hookah .
it is best place for hookah lover who takes hookah .
serves quite a variety of flavours like pan rasna and apple and many more2.best veg items are made3 .
i was mighty upset with the home delivered grilled tuna sandwich yesterday .
ambience is goodfood in starters category finebut the platters may have undercooked vegetablesand also the mojito wasn't goodnot for people who eat normal Indian dishes .
u must try dem too ..
beer bucket is my favourite .
stale fruits and cakes ...
bad welcome drink ...
cold rotis ( chewing gum ) ...
it beats global fusion and barbeque nation by a mile in terms of taste and quality .
simply love the pizzas der ...
everything literally just melts in the mouth .
my favorite is joey's special & amp ; Meat ultimo .
but doesn't matter for great taste .
i had been there twice and ordered different non veg pizza both time .
all you pizza lovers if you want to hav the best pizza u ever had so joey's pizza is the place if u go by a metro then its just 5 min away from metro station .
p. s try the Meat Ultimo ( if you're comfortable eating bacon )
so we happen to order ; Enigma Smoothie - Good smoothie with apple banana pineapple and strawberry .
yell yeah great in taste .
i have been there multiple times and i can assure you the food tastes just as good every single time .
i can seriously go on and on about their cakes , they are that good !
even a simple option like the black forest ( pics attached below ) is on another level when compared to other local bakeries .
although loyans is not known to be a place that serves savory food , let me tell you , its pretty good .
to start withawesome bakery at the heart of the citythe cakes and pastries sold out there tastes great ..
the ready made cakes are a saviors for surprise parties ..
i'd say it is good .
but it definitely is not worth the price ...
back then , during my first visit , when this place was new to the city , they had put a menu of their speciality prawn dishes on every table .
and probably the best place in ghy for pizza and pasta in general and non veg pizza in particular , be it a dine in or a take away or a home delivery .
they have good combos which comes very handy if you are visiting the place alongwith your gang .
but i somehow feel that the singles aren't enough to fill the stomach .
i didn't enjoy it at all .
but the veggie supreme Pizza made my day !
it was so so soooo delicious !
i loved it so much !
it was so cheesy and so perfect .
this is what i called the perfect pizza !
the new best pizzas of Pizza hut is the range of So cheesy !
its a must try !
lots of variety to choose from ...
it's delicious .
must try ..
they are also the only location that serves Diet Pepsi in Guwahati .
but the tomato basil soup is excellent for those chilly nights and the times when you are sick and just want a hot bowl of soup .
the food here has always been outstanding for me .
i had alone eaten a medium sized cheese burst , a choco lave cake and a coke .
it was toppled with insane amounts of chicken & amp ; i absolutely relished it .
crusty & amp ; flavor - packed .
i would also recommend their Mojito .
tangy & amp ; minty and totally refreshing .
coming to the Guwahati one in Dona Planet ( i don't know if there's any other outlet in Guwahati ) The food was pretty good .
they serve a dessert called the ebony ivory , i guess they serve it better in cafe coffee daythe waiters were friendly .
the two things i like about Pizza Hut are firstly their Maintenance and secondly their 129 combo meal which consists of beverage , appetizer and pizza ( deserts also in case of veg ) .
a great place for biryani ...
really great .
but they provide probably the best in class biriyani , i may not be impartial on that
famous for biriyani .
however , the place goes as a myth among biryani lovers in North Kolkata .
so , you can drive in here in weekends and enjoy Dada boudi's patented Biryani .
this is the ultimate place for having great biriyani also the place is always packed .
all biryani lovers should go thre ....
best Place near Kolkata for Biriyani ...
but in dada boudi hotel's Biriyani you will not find such dalda ...
but you will not bother to take 2 plate of Chicken / Mutton Biriyani in Dada Boudi Hotel trust me ...
always preferrable for take - away rather to dine in .
its so tender and juicy ...!
so moist ...
one of the best biriyani .
a must visit place fr every biriyani lovers
well known for biriyani in kolkata ....
truly tasty .....
the most famous Biriyani restaurant in Barrackpore , Kolkata .
love it 
aaaahhh wat an amazing taste ..
incredible biryani ...
tasty juicy spicy ...
yummmm ...
in fact a friend of mine who lives in the area loves this place so much that he devours two plates of biryani at one go whenever he is allowed to .
amazing biriyani can easily give tough fight to any other renowned chains like karim's .
excellent quality n quantity with quick service will not make you disgusted ..
i lovee the mutton biryani from dada boudi .
its filling .
two of u cant properly finish off this .
the liver curry ..
i can die for it .
i always parcel it .
i always try and bring it whenever i am coming down through the kalyani expressway .
everything aside.if good food is ur major agenda , den nothing greater than dis food joint .
so Bring it home and eat shantisey .
its simply yummm ..
hats off to d cook ..
we drove 30 minutes to pick up Biriyani and got back home .
first of all , the quality is awesome , flavorful , higher on the greasy side
but perhaps amongst the best Biriyanis around .
you just cannot have enough of this .
finally i got a chance to gorge into some tasty and mouth watering biryani .
biryani from dada boudi ..
i want to know their recipe ....
i travel 45 mins to fetch a packet of dada boudi's biriyani ....
do visit Dada boudi for some good lip smacking biryani and liver fry .
but that impression won't stop people to throng this place from all over kolkata just to have the oh so delicious and famous biryani .
the aroma , smell alone makes some of our mouths water 
