As this was a takeaway order , a service charge is not expected on the billed amount .
However , a 10 % service charge was added to the bill .
It ' s a bit pricey though .
It was ok , not great and the price range was quite high for all the products .
....but too expensive .
Total value for money .
Obviousli a bit too expensive !
Well I will say it ' s a bit expensive restaurant any way that ' s my view .
Economical and yummy tooo..... .
Overpriced things .
Paying 1800 for 2 pax , without liquor , soup , salad , dessert....just chicken and lemonades .
The best part about this restaurant is that is it not very expensive or pretention .
In the expensive side .
.i was expecting to wait but surprisingly the place was half full it is definitely over priced and overrated .
All in all we paid a bill of almost Rs 20 , 000 .
To say the truth we all felt a bit cheated after leaving the place ,
..Yes it is a bit over priced .
.. everythn u will find interesting.. der is only one which will hurt u is the less quantity and taxes dey charge .
..perfectly cooked chicken...value for money .
The hookah was a bit costly ( starts from 1000 bucks + taxes ) but rest was ok .
And the best thing , u get a 15 % discount on AXIS bank cards.
..sister concern of warehouse cafe... An expensive place certainly !
Bit costly for foodies .
Corporate Discounts .
But way overpriced IMHO .
i became a fan of dis place after getting the cheque.... believe it or not .
Liquor rates are not very high .
Just a little tight on the pocket .
You walk out of this restaurant with a hole in your pocket but also with a feeling of contentment .
Just pricey though .
It really pinched me the money I wasted in Urban Asia .
Of course a little on the expensive side .
Though the rates of thr dishes are exuberant some of them are worth giving it a shot .
Overall it is slightly expensive but we had a fantastic time would love to go there again .
Its pretty cheap .
The bill slapped at the end makes u feel , that u have been robbed.. .
Running out of cash and want to catch a beer during the evening ?
Yes , the door is little so please do work out and go : D , and it ' s slight on the expensive side , so do have a drink or two before you pay the bill : ) .
Tried there single malt and isnt very expensive .
Starters ( Chicken , fish ) are priced around Rs 300 - 400 with drinks also priced around the same amount .
Had been to the restaurant a couple of times and tried both a la carte as well as buffet and i can say every penny is worth it .
A very nice place but i found it a bit expensive .
Tend to charge minimum billing for tables - beware .
Quite expensive I found it .
.i have eaten a lot of times in oh calcutta but never visited their hilsa festival..we ordered for smoked hilsa which i felt was a lot over priced .
Pocket friendly .
food n drinks on d pricier side .
Gud place to visit but expensive to students .
Absolute gem of a place for cost efficient dining experience !
The place is for youngsters And college going people since its not too harsh on the pocket .
Expensive on lower side .
.Awesome food n also light on pocket !
.Awesome food n also light on pocket !
We can pay for the food as the quality is so superior although it is veg .
Rs.700 on the pocket .
Poor customer service coupled with food that just did not justify the prices ruined our family lunch .
Kept wanting moreYes place is a little expensive .
But if you like your food perfect , you have to pay perfect .
?
?
Damn cheap drinks...
The salad bar is costlier and the ambiance is likewise .
Drinks are bit cheaper compared to other discotheques in pune .
; )
..with too many service charges and taxes
Super Cheap in Alcohol .
Bill : 2500 with tax .
I feel its lil over priced for the spread they have .
So , in all I did not find the quality in accordance to the prices
The drinks were well priced .
Heavy on pocket : ) .
Quite expensive on drinks and food .
Slightly expensive given the portions served .
in simple words.. foods are just okay and yeah damn overpriced .
The funniest part is you can ask the delivery guy , " Are you BATMAN ?
Well priced and the ambience is very serene .
.... bit costly but worth for it .
!!
The view is spectacular and the breeze keeps the whole mood going !
Got a bonus , visit this place !
over priced since its a 5 - star - like ambience , but a sure shot feel - good feeling .
Reasonable enough and a " once try out " location .
Economical too : DHighly Recommended !
Overall it was fun without a hole in the pocket
Going out with friends and no new place to go .
all that with no big hole in the pocket that we were expecting ...
it was too expensive and worthless ...
a bit expensive for the quantity they provide but it's good
the food is quite good and most importantly its really value for money .
the place is over priced and i was not at all happy with the quantity they provided .
making it perfect for students .
the place is very pocket friendly , you could stuff yourself to a point where you cant move and the maximum amount per person would come to inr 370 .
slightly over priced .
the restaurant is a fine - dining and is very expensive .
in terms of quantity they serve pretty less .
a little expensive ,
if i wanted to just unwind , hear the wind and the chimes ring while i read my book , i'd probably head here to blow my monthly budget for some just - about - alright food .
over priced food with pathetic taste ..!
though a bit expensive ) !
quite ordinary for a place like this which makes u expect a lot and the prices that you pay ..
the place is very unreasonably high priced compared to the other really great restro - pubsin that vicinity .
moderately priced , must visit !
totally worth the money .
good and its not very heavy on pocket for the mughlai food it is very good place .
all in all worth for the money spent ,
but overpriced for what it really is .
there's no doubt they are so famous and pull in so much crowd despite the prices being on the higher side .
:4 / 5Price
:3 / 5Value for money
for the food i found it a lil overpriced ..
a little high on prices
the prices ,
the food is highly priced
and my visit was worth the huge hole in my pocket !
for the prices they have , the food was served in meager quantities .
the funny part was , we ordered for momos / dumplings and we got exactly 4 ; ) So , this is what we orderedthe Chicken Satay ( Not bad not great .
:3.5 / 5value for money
:2 / 5vfm
pricy for the quality and size of portions they serve .
prices r a lil high ....
the nice part is the 1st complimentary drink they serve you .
the amount of food served is worth the money and hence i say it is money well spent .
a good option to go with a bunch of friends and eat your full without feeling the pinch in pocket .
the prices are on the higher side and the overall experience is about average .
some items may be over - priced
but after i ate such chopsuey in Kolkata at a cheaper rate , the image of this chopsuey came to my mind and i had to question the value for cost of this item .
though i'll greatly question the value for money .
would refer Chung - fa more , as for me , " value for money " is the point that matters the most .
:3 / 5value for money
:2.5 / 5
my , my the things on offer on such an affordable price .
breakfast is just 320 / - including tax which is so reasonable for the international experience .
for the price i paid , it was a rip - off !
great economical option when compared to likes of Domino and Pizza hutit's store location is great , nestled away from traffic
when u don't have the money to afford the foreign pizza giants ..
though i found it over prised .....
this place is costly
worth every penny paid .
and it doesn't even cost that many pennies .
really awesome the chicken tornado is spicy very juicy and tendered chicken and the place is also pocket friendly .
price are reasonable .
although its pre - cooked ( they microwave it ) its still pretty damn good considering the price .
all in all , every item is reasonably priced and tastes great at the same time .
however this particular loyan's has an added option of sitting and eating , and the area is quite clean so more brownie points for that !
n i love their budget friendly combo meals ..
but it definitely is not worth the price ...
cost is vey much affordable
you can have a stomach full meal at a reasonable price .
for Cost
nice to see dada - boudi here ...
price is also affordable ....
but still place is very appealing cost wise the food and drinks are very costly
