The service is also pretty good .
The liquor menu was extensive .
The place has an amazing ambience and the garden especially has a really good setting .
Pathetic service .
.... must have !
.... must have !
The hookah was a bit costly ( starts from 1000 bucks + taxes ) but rest was ok .
One of best place to hang out in the middle if city where u can ' t find any other clubsI have visited this place multiple times and still plan to visit always .
I enjoyed the ambience but hated the delivery time they took to serve on table .
The place is not cozy or the way it should be for dining .
Karim ' s is very famous among foodies for its quality of food but believe me I don ' t like their service and ambience .
I would recommend this only for the taste but not for the good time .
I have visited this outlet today along with my friend who is basically a north Indian , we have waited for five minutes to get a seat , ambience is good , workers and servicemen are very polite and they have served us well , when I have tasted a spoon of sambar only one thing I got remember is the sambar at Chennai which I have tasted when I was 18 , awesome taste , quality is good and price is less for what they are providing !
The service is quick and the food is fresh .
The service took about 20 minutes and the food served was not even hot .
Amazing food long waiting but worth visiting ambience is Casual but place is pocket friendly so definitely worth visiting
Expensive for the taste they serve , but they serve well
though the place is very clumsy but the food steals all your attention .
The restaurant is well maintained , and the service is decent , although I don ' t have a clue as to who gets intrigued by the Prison based theme .
The jail break concept of this place is definitely a reason to visit it but no compromise has been made with the food quality .
.. Have been a long time visited her but the place used to serve delicious starters and food .
This place is present at most happening place of jaipur but crowed here and lighting makes you feel that you are at some baar .
.awesome place to go wid family and friends ..the beveragrs could have been better .
Night life and ambience is good but food is pathetic
Just white paint across the walls but the food was good .
Although the pizzas are to die for , the outlet ( I talk about Malad here ) is small .
You walk out of this restaurant with a hole in your pocket but also with a feeling of contentment .
The vegetable fried rice is good but the portions are small .
the decor n ambience is superb but very disappointed by the food must say .
A good experience overall , but be warned , the place isn ' t youngster friendly what with families crowding the place and a restriction on stag entries .
The starter were good but the service was just average .
When u get out of there u r satisfied wiylth the food but also have a big hole in ur pocket .
Price may be on the higher side but the ambience and service makes it up for it .
Either too cold or off nothing in between... Service very very slow but overall a good experience .
..the world inside the Warehouse Cafe is little grotesque....dark...but good .
Awsome fish...mouth watering prawns.....nice service .
....gread varieties in deserts.....not so gud main course.....overall nice experience .
.. .
Desserts made it all up .
I had very high expectations from this place as it has been trending ever since it opened and the rating it has been holding at zomato but i have no hesitation in saying had it not been so hyped it would have been an above average experience but the fuss puts the name through a lot of expectations which in no way are being met .
Awesome food and quantity is also good but a bit expensive but it is once in a while place .
Lovely ambience , DJ was good , food average , drinks are too costly and indian drinks are not available.
Pizza is amazing , cocktails are refreshing..last but not the least the place looks fabulous .
High on the looks and the interiors but low on the food !
Nothing great in terms of view but quite airy .
The Village in Amanora Mall... Good ambiance but I seriously doubt the quality of food here .
Quite famous , though the food quality is declining recently .
Nothing special but the rooftop which won ' t please if you go for lunch in the afternoon as it ' d be too hot .
My first visit was owesome but I don ' t know what happen when second time we went der service was not gud n we complaint for something but waiter didn ' t respond n food was all cold .
The food is okay but the ambience on the rooftop is just amazing .
..A nice way to spend your quality time with friends and the awesome virgin mogito , pasta , and the brownie sundae they serve .
The food tasted really good , the chicken starters were awesome but all the food ended up being in the higher price range .
Staff is really friendly and helping , prices are a bit high as compared to other similar places say a breezer costs 300 bucks .
It took some effort for us to get there but the view made up for the trouble .
The ambiance is good but the main services you look forward to when you party at a place of this caliber is service and the quality of food .
HRC offers various varieties of burgers here that I ' d love to try , but I ' d become pauper if ever do that .
Great place , though the alcohol is too expensive .
.. Service is a litle slow but when low on cash .
The food could be better , though .
For dessert i had Chocolate brownie sundae with nuts , which tastes amazing but over priced : / but the overall experience was amazing : ) Hard Rock Cafe could grow on you .
I take a tour of all the stuff that has been collected over the years .
Garlic bread ' s really awefull and pizza ' s though economical are not really great .
!disappointed 4 d food bt location and ambience r d best .
Apart from the amazing food , the staff are doing a commendable job .
I was told this is one of the best places in t the city but may be it was not my day .
Its OK , but quite expensive for evening entries especially they charge up , too much , and above all they do not have Corporate Disc or bookings too .
Service is Ok and not good by international standards though price is on higher side .
starters are great though main course has room to improve still , you will enjoy deserts too .
Location and ambience is good , but food is a let down both in quantity and quality .
Its just very less spread but quality wise its good .
Overall wonderful food , though with limited options but worth visiting .
Food was average but the service was poor we have to wait for hours to get served the waiters were not at all trained they were dropping things here n there he dropped menu card no one asked for repeat order we have to wait for billing and change
There ' s a really nice vibe about the place , but it is disappointingly loud for a dinner place .
I ' ll probably still go back for the drinks but unlikely for a dinner again .
Great service too which I think is just as important as the food in a restaurant , although there was an element in one of the dishes missing in one of the entrees my dad ordered .
The food has a few gastronomic things , but that ' s about it .
Luckily got a table , whilst others crib about their reservation policies .
The place is filled with people in weekend evenings who come either for a quick bite or takeaway ; though it is more of a takeaway place .
Gulati is easy on pocket however there is huge waiting if you are going out in the night .
always a good experience to dine out at gulati ' s amazing food but we liked the old ambiance .
the old one was better than the new one , otherwise good experience
However it is usually very noisy inside but the service is good .
what a place As i can never imagine to get such high quality food from such place we had amazing tandoori chicken and fish And was really outstanding but best is that place is not so costly at all so will have to visit again and again very near .
So they need to improve their service Bt food was good .
The food at ICE LOUNGE appears simple , but the flavors have remarkable depth .
Food is not brilliant specially for vegetarians but the staff are very warm and nice
Service is satisfactory but bartenders are doing a great job .
We were told by a rather hunky gentleman that we will have to wait for 15 - 20 mins , however , we were offered a place at the bar while we waited for the table .
I wont say everything on their menu is impeccable but yes the berry pulao , beida roti , iraani falooda are my absolute favorites .
Nice for a couple of drinks with friends , but it ' s nowhere near the rustic charm of the Pune Parsi eateries .
The place was jam - packed , but luckily we get d space that too in the basement.
The taste was ok but at that point of time any food is like a Michelin star rated dish .
Though the services were slow then compared to other Pizza Houses , but it ' s worth a wait !
Only bad part was the waiting but i guess it was worth .
Food is also good though the service is a bit slow .
Not only couples but even families n friends can enjoy d outing.
Undoubtedly the food is great but when you sit in such a wonderful ambiance , you expect the food to be much better .
so probably one can conclude it ' s not a day place .
the place is huge and would be rocking in the night .
The service is super bad , plus the chicken wasnt well steamed.. Would not suggest anyone to go here .
over priced since its a 5 - star - like ambience , but a sure shot feel - good feeling .
) .The food is not upto the mark of the ambience but it has some highly recommended spicy north indian cuisine in its menu - lahori chicken .
Really good service , amazing food and drinks , but it is the ambiance that sets this joint apart .
Food was nice but service was a bit slow..Cheese balls were nice , murgh akbari kabab n paneer seekh kabab tasted great..The only disappointment was potato skins.
The Chinese section especially spring rolls are worth appreciation , contrarily manchurian is soggy and not upto the mark in cooking .
The drinks were really good but what won my heart was the coffe .
Great ambience good food .
Nice ambience.... Service could have been betta...
..it was my last visit to replay.... On Saturday Sunday....with dinner disc is complimentary ...but as usual after having dinner .... We ask...can we join disc...the manager .
Wait for sometime...very rudely...I was happieee wid food butt...not at all happieee with that guy behaviour....and plz if you are going for a disc party .
Wait for sometime...very rudely...I was happieee wid food butt...not at all happieee with that guy behaviour....and plz if you are going for a disc party .
..then .
dnt Ever visit replay....a disc without a DJ..is like a band Wala repeating same songs..and playing full songs ....and if you are visiting for having dinner..then it is good .
..but dnt have a chit chat with manager .
..as he don ' t know how to speak... : ) : ) and the worst thing....plZzzz don ' t give your car to valley parking guy..he dnt know how to drive...I got my new car .
..and went .
...and my car was about to .
Great place to hang out especially in overcast and winter conditions....don ' t miss grill veg salad and pickle tickle sandwich....u will love it .
( y )
However whatever they have tastes good but on the rooftop they dont have enough air cooler to keep you comfortable in a hot summer evening .
Crisp and yummy bakery stuffs with amazing sweet corner to add to it variety.... Couldn ' t go beyond sweet section to try the chat and snacks corner but it ' s a complete yes yes for authentic Rajasthani sweets... .
..Food waz nyc...seperate seating arrangement ( as in if u wanna take some1 special ) ...also d service waz quick...bt d complimentaey nachos wer d cherry on top !
..nd u won ' t have nything to regret... ; )
The food is good but the management is poor .
I expected it to be flavoursome but it was more of for people with generic palette .
