The most horrible thing to hear was " You are not the only customer we deliver , we have other people too "
!
.
like everything.. be it starters or main course..keep it up
.
.
I ordered aloo posto , ilish paturi , jhingri malai curry and steamed rice .
It tasted like zeera aloo .
Visited the place for a friend ' s birthday bash .
Overall my rating - 2.5 / 5Keep socialising ppl !
I would say it has a strong ambiance...
Birthday the best day of my life .
Chicken Biriyani : Never tasted biriyani like that , won ' t say i loved it and wont say that i hated it eitherSheermal : Heaviest Roti i ever had .
Went on friday late evening , was crowed as expected .
Brain curry got over , ordered mutton nihari , chicken stew , mutton korma and chicken jhanagiri .
Only nihari and korma was ok .
I ' ve visited once here .
Karim ' s is very famous among foodies for its quality of food but believe me I don ' t like their service and ambience .
I would recommend this only for the taste but not for the good time .
The gentry is always very much mixed .
Went at 12 midnight .
And couldn ' t believe it was full of crowd .
Went at 12 midnight .
And couldn ' t believe it was full of crowd .
When I took the first bite I could get the taste was different .
This was one lunch I will not forget for a long time .
I tried dosa on one occasion and a mini thali in another .
Reach before 1 pm to avoid queues at lunch time .
I wish they add more authentic south Indian veggies and curries to their thali .
Try it here .
They gave us a table on the second floor .
Sarvana bhawan is located just opposite to mybar in cp in p block .
We ordered a rava onion masala dosa and a regular masala dosa .
Tried idli and dosa by far .
I have been to naivedyam and sagar ratna before .
One reason being that they usually have a long line of people waiting outside .
Ambiance - The interiors of an average family restaurant with classical South Indian music playing in the background .
.. N if u already are a south indian food fan , then after being here .
..but den i hear it is a famous place .
..cannot comment .
.different people have different taste.. .
Talking about the ambiance , as the name says it is a blue themed restaurant with white furniture around .
Damn hope it is !
On a fine afternoon , me and colleagues were off with hectic schedule and thought to cool off with some good food : - ) Searched nearby places on Zomato and selected Pirates of Grill to be the place .
Chicken varieties and t masala used to prepare iit !
....Tomato Soup , Sweet corn soup , Orange Juice , Big 5 , Memory Buster , Shawarma - Paneer Xcelator , Roll - Nitro Hara bhara , Pizza : Italian & amp ; BBQ , Pasta Primevera , North Indian SabJi : Paneer Makhani & amp ; Butter Roti......and they Have dessert Carrot cake with Almond Sauce .
Seeing the high rating like 4.4 on zomato , I and my fried went to this place with very high expectations .
We ordered banana milkshake , cold coffee , pesto pasta basilico , paneer mushroom shawarma , Authentic Barbeque Pizza .
It was basically pita bread rolls with hummus , roasted potatoes , capsicum and many other vegetables .
We also tried this drink that had strawberry , apple , and a lot of lemon juice .
The service , food , value for money , ambience .
Went to Kaidi Kitchen to have veg continental food with a friend .
We ordered Fondue and it was a delight initially , although I found the quantity to be a little on the lower side .
When we arrived they gave us a area which has been designed as a jail cell .
I usually stick to eating Kebabs , Dal and Roti ' s whenever I visit .
On the improvement side , I would like to see them include Non - Vegetarian dishes , and more variety on the alcohol drinks front .
Nothing special about it .
I tried here red sauce pasta , veg pizza and veg spring roll .
Time wont affect your visit much , as the interiors are quite dark , dim lights .
Food quality is also okay .
Service is also okay .
As its a restro - bar i wont recommend you to go to this place for a date .
However , the dum biriyani and the mutton dish ( some rajasthani mutton curry - all red ) could have been better .
We ordered a battery of kebabs ( murgh malai tikka , paneer tikka - the ones I remember ) , bruschettas and Biryanis for main course .
We sat in the al fresco area in a cart .
Mostly lebanese and european .
Very ok food .
We ordered garlic bread with cheese it was average .
So my best bet would be to order at home !
Never really had too much of the main course as the primary purpose of going here is always to gorge on dumplings .
The turnip cakes are okay .
We had banjara chicken , fish fingers , white sauce pasta and crispy corn chicken .
Everything was real good but fish fingers can be improved .
We reached there early so were out early as well .
The right time to hit the place is 11 pm on weekends .
Sheesha nd liqour is also served here .
.. spacious
Here ' s what I tried here : Starters : 1.
Its just ketchup .
Food tasted good not that of expected .
We always start with the Yin - Yang soup accompanied by a Sushi platter .
We always start with the Yin - Yang soup accompanied by a Sushi platter .
We ordered Nasi Goreng , Bamboo fried rice one lamb side dish , one chicken side dish .
Service needs to be improved a bit .
Dessert - A cold choco cake with icecream .
As soon as you enter the ambience would make you feel that its going to be a nice experience .
The main course is okay .
The starters are the only thing that tastes better than any other thing on the buffet .
Desserts are also fine but not that great .
The food was a mixed bag .
Something I ordered in shrimps was not as great - the shrimps were frozen shrimps and not fresh .
I have tried vada pav from many places in Pune , so was looking forward to try this one .
The first bite of any vada pav can tell you about its quality .
Mushroom with Khari : Delicately sauteed mushrooms served on a khari or puff .
The mushrooms were done in butter and cheese .
It is a parsi drink made from fresh raspberries.
Aloo Aunty ' s Vegetable Cutlis : Such unique name !
Tardeos AC Market Mamaji ' s grilled sandwich : the recreation of famous mamaji ' s sandwich available in Tardeo AC market in South Mumbai .
It had spiced potato along cheese and namkeen sprinkled over .
They serve it with pav .
I started with Vada Pav which was a pair of bread with a Aloo Bonda in between .
For Food , we ordered Quattro Pizza , alongside vegetable Platter and Mexican Chicken .
Later we ordered Mint Sheesha , along with some Drinks .
Food is just okay , nothing exceptional .
Slow cooked lamb with jus and assorted veggies .
We ordered hookah and cheese balls and chilly chicken !
It could be better !
The quality of food was OK but it was nothing significant to write about .
A must visit for a fan of Bengali cuisine - that ' s what I thought after seeing the menu .
Ambience etc are ancillary .
Food is what matters .
Me and my friend went for lunch at there Beltola outlet .
We were really hungry and ordered for " Muri Ghonto " " Beshand die begun bhaja " and " golmorich die Chicke " .
Also would love to try other dishes they have next time like luchi and all .
I ordered for home delivery , one Chicken kosha with luchi and chutney & amp ; one Chingri Biryani .
Maybe all deliveries here are like this .
: ( Ordered bhaji pav and rava dosa .
Bith were okay but not delicious .
Had been there a couple weeks .
You get HOOKAH with n number of varieties .
So i had a Hookah for the first time with Mint Base .
Not bad but nothing to rave about .
It was just fine .
Nothing tasted extraordinary...
The taste of food is average 40 % not to expected level .
Went to this place for a quick drink last night which was a Monday .
.m goin wid a generous 3 / 5 for dis place , good but not enough.
This is a roof - top ( open - Air ) Bar - cum - Restaurant .
Where the starters and main course was okayish , the dessert totally killed it for me .
ok food , ok place , ok staff , ok deco , just ok !
!seriously.....just ok .
Visited last night for family dinner .
Food is average .
The food is but can be made better .
As some correctly say , over a cup of coffee lots of things happen !
That ' s what happened with me .
Basically its main theme is rustic look .
No wonder whenever u enter this place , it ' s all wooden .
: ) Order : I ordered a Cappucino .
.. .
My friends and I went for a brunch .
We ordered some mocktails and an Ice tea .
Desserts made it all up .
We were a party of 9 people , ordered Lucknawi Paraath Paneer , Challi Subz ki Seekh kebab and Murgh soola kebab for Starters along with rose , khus and Blue curaco coolers .
For the main course we ordered Badami Benarsi Kofta , Tarkari Masaledar , Pateeley Waale Choley and Dum Ke Kali Dal along with Jeera peas Pulao with an assortment of breads .
The main course was nothing Exceptional except for the fancy names to tickle your foodie imagination , the breads were rather disappointing especially the Chur Chur Naan but the Paneer Lifafa Parantha was delightful.
However , once we ordered a dish by the menu but it was not upto the mark so we sent it back to the kitchen .
The chef came out to speak to us and finally accepted that they had used some other cheese than the one mentioned .
Based on that , i do rue on missing out the chance to have a proper meal in this restaurant .
I went to the one in jubilee hills , we were a group of 6. we ordered a 2 pizzas and 2 pastas and also a couple of drinks .
We ordered am ultra lite kf , a long island iced tea and a white wine .
Would have rated 5 if it had non veg and wine .
Table reservation is must .
A very nice place but i found it a bit expensive .
Me and a friend of mine had been planning to try this place for a long time now and we eventually made it there .
.desserts were just okay .
I ordered the white sauce pasta !
Dont go with high expectations to high .
It is a nice place but you barely feel you are on the 32nd floor .
I wish they had more choice in food though I ordered nachos and they came in such a big heap that by the time we came to the end it was soggy .
Tried scallops with pickled plum , spicy cilantro chicken , tom goong , maguro nigiri and fish with garlic oyester sauce .
Only thing good about high is lounge is on 31 st floor and ambiance food is okay types not that great for the price quantity is very bad .. ?
Food .
Ambience .
We ordered asparagus wasabi .
I tried buffet here .
Ask your waiter for best combinations .
... Good for vegetarians ?
We ate Hickory BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger as well as Fritto Misto , I don ' t remember name of the dishes .
However the experience was neutral .
Drinks were good and we enjoyed it but food was not that great .
The ambience has nothing great to offer .
Thus , landed for dinner and the wait time to get a table wasn ' t quite long .
Can try it out once .
.Been visiting pandara road since i was a kid.. ?
But not on pocket friendly side as Lil expensive side but Worth it .
I am sorry but I am not one of the many that is enamoured of Chutney Chang .
Had been here for a team lunch , nothing great to write about .
Once for lunch and once for dinner .
For lunch we were given a place in the rooftop as place was not available inside .
They also organize buffet regularly in our company .
A la carte is way better , the buffet needs to improve a lot .
When our appetisers were served , I happened to mention to my husband that I couldn ' t taste the salmon in my sushi and suddenly a plate of salmon strips arrives .
If you are looking for a table on saturday night and a happening place .
I am pretty sure once they start serving their brewed beer , places like TOIT and all will be given a run for their money .
So you can understand the feeling !
Nothing much to say about the ambience etc .
..Nothing great .
The person on the phone responded that it is walk in culture and no bookings are accepted on the phone .
All they had to do was nail down some carefully selected and prepared appetizers and they were off to the races .
I went there with my family n would like to tell u guys about their service this time .
We visited this restaurant on a Saturday eve with our friends .
The place is so crowded that you may feel as if people have gathered for a mass ( especially in evening ) .
So he brought Country Feast Pizza , Home Made Ravioli Pasta & amp ; Lasagne .
But I ' d be lying if I didn ' t say that there is an element of hype to the legend .
Crowded place .
!Beef being my favorite went in for the Jamjar Juicy beef burger .
Though i wont rate it too high , its a place best visiting for all .
The music .
The food was OK .
The portion sizes are decent but the taste is just about average .
.. Burmese food !
I guess they have two different sections one for food and the other for liquor and sheesha .
Mugshot is inside jewel square mall which is still not renovated completely .
Expect an aveage drink to cost Rs300 and appetizers ( they don ; t serve anything else yet ) Rs350 .
Since it si closed , Mugshot is a little too loud at times , but choosing the right place can ease out that problem .
Finally our khao suey arrives .
If i have to sum it up it was an average experiance for me .
I haven ' t tried their buffet , so can ' t comment on that .
It was a veggie season and the offering here are limited .
Ordered the onion rings n garlic bread mezze platter .
Fresh crispy ( slight oily ) onion rings .
Rs.700 on the pocket .
Average .
They serve alcohol too .
We ordered a Paprika Chicken , a Mozzarella Pizza , a Chicken Calabrese , and a Fettucini Carbonara .
The Paprika Chicken was mildly - seasoned and tasted okayish .
Dominos Vaishali !
I hadd Chinese .
And paneer tikka .
They have a disco & amp ; a diner right behindSo entered to have dinner first .
Staff was average .
Ambience is average types .
The chicken makhani was not up to the mark but was good .
It was Saturday evening and we.
Took buffet .
Dress code !
We were given the menu for the day , which is very difficult to remember .
We ordered Nachos , Garlic Breads , White Sause Pasta ( Penne ) , Margaretta Pizza and Cheese Balls .
Bill : 2500 with tax .
Specially chinese .
Veg as well as non veg .
But beyond this , the place is just above average .
I would rate the service of this restaurant way below the 5 star standards .
This is just the place .
However as for rest of the menu..
though we generally enjoy beers but that day we went for cocktail and as usual it was difficult for me to choose and finally I said bring your best .
The food and the snacks are very limited for the vegetarian lovers..we tried corn seekh kababs and they were just okay..i have also tried the main course but that too is average in comparison to the rates it offer .
Ok food .
My parents being vegetarian ordered the vegetarian set menu - in which there were 2 options for the main course so dad got one and mum the other ( and I ordered the non vegetarian one ; so we basically had a try of all of the different items they have to offer .
( And yes , make that reservation )
Wasn ' t that grt experience for me .
The ghewar cheesecake .
Nothing gr8 !
The food has a few gastronomic things , but that ' s about it .
The dishes are plane jane , right from the starters to the desserts we did not find anything that was overly amazing , this kind of food can be found anywhere in Mumbai to be very honest .
The mocktails weren ' t that extraordinary either .
We finished it off with some paan flavoured cotton candy .
The ambience is pretty normal though .
They have an option for a 6 - course pre set menu , but that comes in handy if you ' re there for a long afternoon .
Vanilla frostings are not the best though .
The pastry was extremely average , because Patisserie Opera makes far more better pastries .
I had a pizza like thing called Quiche or something .
.Starting with the location its a bit out of commercial place but still accessible .
We were visiting guwahati and chanced upon loyans tried blue berry almond red velvet and others .
.taste of blueberries and almond is still lingering..for a month now .
.. its just pandara they are charging.
The best time to visit this place is after 11.
We ordered 01 Mutton Rarha which was mix of keema and goat / lamb pieces ( avoidable ) and 01 Butter Chicken ( 3 / 5 rating ) , Dal Makhani gets 4 on 5 , Chicken Biryani gets 2.9 on 5.
Let us take the butter chicken and the butter paneer for instance .
Average food , especially the stuff which I had heard as must - eats .
Some of the kebabs were actually decent , but nothing to write home about .
Overall a fine place for a good evening .
Now coming to the most important thing , the food .
We went there on a weekday fearing the rush on weekends only to find the restaurant packed anyways .
The chicken 65 and the Hyderabadi Biryani is not so Hyderabadi , it has been punjabised .
Come to this place if you absolutely sure you dont want Indian food
An ok kind of place .
We ordered the tandoori tikka ( served with dal makhani and naan ) and Laal Maas .
Not that bad and not that good .
What surpise is food it is good but not to the mark of best .
Nice but have to improve on certain things .
The reason i give it 3 , is because of the fantastic decor ; the food deserves 1.5 .
Visited there for first time .
Though DJ took time to make us groove on hit numbers but soon he made up for the delay .
After a bit of initial survey , we decided to try Soda Bottle Openerwala .
While waiting at the bar - we decided to try a couple of drinks .
I tried the raspberry soda and my companion went for a interesting cocktail with dried plums .
The bartender even allowed us to sample some sugarcane juice given I was keen to try it out .
As we settled down on the table , we decided to dive into the berry polao and Sali mutton .
We topped it off with a chocolate brownie with vanilla ice cream .
the last I ordered was butter chicken and naan .
After 1 am when paunch is empty , even bread butter toast can titillate your taste buds .
Nothing special .
have tried mutton curry , garlic naan and oreo shake.
The 4 A.M delivery consisted of a plate of Butter Chicken and roomali rotis .
the last I ordered was butter chicken and naan .
I have ordered chicken biriyani .
Rest of the factors are ok .
We ordered Tawa paneer , butter naan and mirchi paratha .
We ordered fresh lime soda , murg dhaniya adraki , Tawa paneer , butter naan and mirchi paratha .
I ' m a vegetarian , so I ' m probably not getting the most out of this joint , but the rolls are pretty good and it ' s damn easy to get to ( just ask anyone within a kilometer where Kamal Cinema is , which is what this market is locally known as ) .
Butter chicken and 3 rottis which costed 300 bucks .
Talking only with regards to the taste .
I have been a regular at big yellow door , satya niketan and today i went there for dinner and ordered veg white sauce pasta , green apple mojito , baked nachos and veggie pizza .
- somethin new soap bubble over cream.
I tried the Tabak murg soup and the raan Biryani along with caramel pudding in desert .
Average expense per head would be 800 - 1000 for a complete meal with a virgin drink .
We ordered a chicken platter as the starter , murg methi and romali roti as our mains and strawberry n peach coolers..
I went there on tuesday night around 7 : 30 .
Prices though a little sboce par , are still managable .
They have given it a rusty look and it seems some serious cost cutting is done in the ambience of the place .
Drinks are fine .
If the food menu list increases , I may come back to explore it .
Dirty martini.
The bill these 3 things came to around 1.2kPeople with kids avoid this place and Jain ppl this place is not for you ' llThis place is only for drinks and not for food .
Got a bonus , visit this place !
.
We had order smoked cauliflower soup , Grilled Mushroom and Paprika puff as appetizers .
In the main course we missed out on Spinach Ricotta Ravioli , I am certain it would be yummy .
We ordered Farfalle with 3 mushroom and Cottage Cheese Steak with Ratatouille .
I would love to go for the brunch which looked really promising .
see i have favorites for everything - Some place i love to go to for the best pork ribs , a place for my favorite english breakfast , one for the juiciest chicken steak , one even for good old rolls !
Food and beverage : Tried continental food and black coffee .
Nothing too good or too bad about it .
I am a die hard Chocoholic ( dark chocolate , no less ) !
Keema kaleji ?
The Chinese section especially spring rolls are worth appreciation , contrarily manchurian is soggy and not upto the mark in cooking .
Ohk place not so nice
Indoor sitting , outdoor sitting and a small hall as disc .
... Planning a party or get together .
We mostly ordered starters with veg and non veg platters .
If you ever go here and don ' t have it - you ' ve sinned !
With beer , it is sorry to say .
Two other sections are layed out , one on first floor of their part and a small inner hall .
kheema Pav , Dhansak , Berry Pulao , Sali Boti ............
crispy potato chilly served with spicy paste .
i ordered a thali ....
me and my two friends were in mood of something grilled and some bread .
so we ordered !
the Cuban Roast !
chicken Cheese Sandwiches : these were made of brown bread , and the stuffings were overloaded with mayonese and thin slices of chicken and bundled with roasted tomatoes and fresh cucumber .
and they came with lots and lots of French fries .
garlic Bread !
i wouldn't say more , we ordered these to couple up with the Cuban roast .
we ordered Samuzo Hincho , a tangy soup with mini samosa !
for desserts , we ordered a burmese dessert of Coconut custard and jaggery base which was unusual yet sweet .
have no idea what burmese cuisine is all about ..
in soups they served Cindrella Lime & amp ; Baymen ....
cheese Casedia with Salsa Sauce & amp ; Sour Cream ...
we ordered n / v Manchow Soup & amp ; Teriyaki Chicken as starter ....
we finally ordered the main course i.e Jerk Chicken Sizzler & amp ; Grilled Pork Platter .
both the gravy taste the same .....
serving cold coffees ...
place is always crowded on weekends , so plan accordingly .
hence i suggest you call up and place an order as you are on your way to the restaurant .
pizza with some Indian taste ?
i had the lamb burger ...
i thought it to be just another lounge .
food is average taste cannot expect more in such breweries where folks come in to enjoy in house beers .
buffet costs around 620 per person with tax .
start with the # lung_fung_soup or the # dumpling_soup_with_bamboo_shoot .
had the hot n sour soup .
now the Shanghai Chowmein is coming .
we had ordered honey glazed crispy chicken and spicy honey chilly babycorn .
the baby corn is for spice lovers and the chicken tasted too sweet with loads of honey .
jus simply 'ok' ...
i went to plan b on a friday for lunch .
its not really a big place , not very small either .
it was almost full when we got there .
we , then ordered the burgers .
you start with long waiting time outside ,
butter chicken and galouti kebabs .....
i tried the biryani , in spite of being known as a north Indian restaurant .
:( go early get seats
:to avoid waiting please visit around 8 to 830 pm because after that there is long waiting of 1 or 2 hours majorly in weekends .
n splecially the niza chicken ....
the food in my opinion was very ordinary .
went today to the legendary karim @ jama Masjid ..
food is average ..
can go once
the restaurant is a fine - dining and is very expensive .
in terms of extensiveness of the menu , there isn't a lot of stuff to choose from
for starters we ordered the Neza kebab and galaouti kebab .
though the cost of the buffet was just about okayish and justified keeping the place and brand in mind .
we ordered the veg shawarma and the ajwaini paneer tikka .
the food
only paneer paneer ...
went for retro night Friday ...
the drinks goes with the Food .
we were a group of 6 people .
we had order 3 pav bhaji n 2 pulav ...
once pav bhaji came we started eating it and waiting for pulav .
we finished our pav bhaji
even the taste is average
parsi food in delhi was definitely long due .
we ate chicken satay , Peri Peri chicken pizza and chilli chicken .
food - i just managed to the hyped vada pao which was just average and over priced .
but wasn't that much flattered with the food .
had a phateli coffee , that was just like any other coffee .
food wasn't really out of the box or exceptionally amazing , it was just nice enough .
