Other than that the staff was polite but were not able suggest anything from the menu .
Their sides could do with some improvement though .
The garlic bread especially could do with a lot more garlic and a bit less crunch .
HOWEVER , the last time I visited ( a few weeks ago ) , I was very put off by the flies that were constantly buzzing around and sitting at our table .
Despite complaining to the waiter , no one seemed to want to move them .
As this was a takeaway order , a service charge is not expected on the billed amount .
When asked , was told that this is packaging charge .
However , a 10 % service charge was added to the bill .
This needs to be clearly mentioned as packaging cost .
How can a packaging charge and service charge be the same ?
I actually didnt enjoy either... Chinese and indian alike tasted extremely bland and i probably would not have eaten if i wasnt so hungry from all the drinking .
Never seen that in any premium restaurants .
Please clarify your stand .
Pricing , is a bit tad expensive on some drinks but if you ' re lucky , ending up with some deals on drinks would be a welcome .
It ' s a bit pricey though .
Only one area which upset all 6 of us was the attitude of the waiters .
Need to work on main course .
they dont have much options in veg starters & amp ; non veg starters are very average !
The waiters dont have serving etiquettes at all .
The main course was below average with just 2 dal , 1 veggi & amp ; 1 non veg dish .
We left the table without eating our desert .
Not the perfect ambience and the food they serve is not properly cooked .
Now , they have made the gravies very spicy , use cheap oils and bad quality meat .
It was ok , not great and the price range was quite high for all the products .
Now the taste has gone but ppl still pour in just for the name ' s sake .
Was a big name in South Delhi for its ever famous delicious roasted chicken and kebabs .
For those who have any idea or taste of Mughlai Food , this restaurant is not a place to visit .
Like most chains that come to India this too is disappointing .
The space is rather strange with people hanging around outside watching you eat like you ' re in a lab experiment .
Coming to the food , the only real reason one goes out to eat , was certainly not up to the mark .
The food lacked energy and depth .
There were too many ingredients that over powered each other .
Wouldn ' t go back there or recommend it to anyone .
The service is very very slow , though you did make it up with a smiley ketchup plate : ) 3.
For the kind of burgers you are selling , you are overcharging the people .
You have meal options , which are pretty tempting but the way your items are priced is a big dampener .
Try it once , for the heck of it .
Okay so the newly opened American diner - Johnny Rockets didn ' t really touch my happy spot .
The sour dough of the burger doesn ' t do much for me .
Overall the burger was bland and it didn ' t really stay together since it was pretty dry .
Whereas the double bacon cheddar was a little better than the Houston expect this place has more room for improvement .
I could not taste the ' red ' sauce it was supposed to have .
The taste was strictly ok... is this the famed American burger ?
The waiter had initially served me a veg burger but before I could take a bite she realized the mistake and brought the correct one .
They dont deliver complete order .
But the menu on the buffet is not at all worth for the money you pay for the food .
But the place and the food is OVER - RATED .
But the place and the food is OVER - RATED .
..was expecting much more from the place .
there are better places .
It looks they are in real hurry and serves dishes so fast as if you have to vacate the seat for more guests .
The kebabs are not as good as they are at Radisson .
For those who have any idea or taste of Mughlai Food , this restaurant is not a place to visit .
You will be making fool of yourself if you will visit the place with great expectation for Mughlai food .
Not a single non - veg dish is worth mentioning .
These people are cheating on you in the name of Mughlai food .
Better visit Karims at Nizamuddin ( Nizamuddin only ) for a great and authentic taste of Mughlai food .
Moreover , veg snacks were not at all served to the ones who opted for Non - veg.and when we asked to repeat a starter , they said its finished !
Try BarBeQue Nation , the food is much better and gives you better value for money .
Moreover , there was nothing good about the ambience and the seats were also not comfortable .
No Complimentary Beverage : ( I think Barbecue Nation is a better option : )
But I would say main course and desserts needs little attension here .
We visited this place last friday and that is one of the biggest mistake in terms of choosing the right place .
We wasted good amount of money and time there and end up with dissatisfaction oozing to our brim .
It used to be one of my favorite places of all times .
Pull up your socks !
Instead u can barbeque nation if u want to have these a lot as tat can be in budget !
Loved Makai Seekh , Burrah Kebab was under cooked and not as soft as it should be .
Main Course we ordered Murg Makhani , Dal Makhani , Plain NaanMain course was OK kind of but i expected a wow effect after eating the food because i was hungry .
As for ambiance ..their is no ambiance as such .
Not tasty at all .
No other non - veg dish .
Though I dont really care about the money but atleast the food should have been worth the money .
I am not too sure about the mixed vege curry .
Pure punjab...the food n the ambience doesn ' t support the name .
Menu prices exceed the level of expectation from the food !
What really * DID * suck was the service .
Overpriced things .
My rating would have been a big - ve if the option existed on Zomato .
Snails crawl faster.2.
A requested and confirmed dish was overlooked and not served ( not charged too ) .
Shows a big hygiene issue .
No apologies tendered .
So I really wonder what is the hype around Nando ' s all about .
I would just say that the burger was decent nothing great , but I would suggest don ' t try lemon & amp ; heb chicken because its close to be be being bland , it seems to have no chilly , salt nothing and no taste of lemon too !
I didn ' t see much of a difference in both than just th chilli sauce .
Overall I just wanted to try it once but noithing spectacular that I would want to go back to .
My 3rd visit to Nandos , and I ' m saying , so what ' s all the fuss about !
Despite the waiting , me and sonny were quickly seated , but in a very tight spot with barely any elbow space .
However , i don ' t think its value for money .
That ' s 900 per head , so not value for money .
Service is quick , but had to keep craning my neck toget the attention of servers , for add ons , water etc .
May not be runnin , g back , despite the loyalty cards they are giving out now .
Although they need to work on managing clean tables and bulk orders on busy days .
However the ambience is rather compromised .
Nor the store management engaging such customers .
Maybe I had very high expectation from this place but there was no wow factor at all .
Being a Veg , i had a very low expectation from it .
The Inorbit Mumbai was below par .
Expensive for the kind of food they serve .
To add on to this , was amazed to find the service staff behaving unprofessionally with the customers and I got a feel that we were obliged to them and not them to us !
!Would never recommend this place to anyone !
though the food was alright , the service was slow.we left with pounding headaches from the music and sore throats from having to shout to make conversation .
Parking is ' orrible in this area in general .
Only problem is with the music ( they r not playing songs on demand , which if they can , one can definitely enjoy the food with music of his own choice ) .
Service isn ' t impressive .
But I wonder how will people occupy the terrace in this scorching heat ?
..lacked in flavour .
..15 minutes to bring the menu card .
.. had to get up from my seat to ask the waiter to offer the same to me .
.. once I ordered... a Beer - corona... it takes another 9mins for them to bring it that too without the lemon wedge which I believe every restaurant in India offers .
.. another 5 mins to bring the lemon... which is now bigger than what can fit into the bottle .
.. takes 8 minutes for him to walk up to me and in the middle another guest stops him to complain and he starts solving their issue .
.. and goes back to ensure tht complaint is handled first...
It took us 1 hour to get the table .
However , one thing that I would like to object to is their new policy of not allowing children before 10 : 00 PM for dinner .
I was expecting the food to be too delicious and finger licking , it was not as per the expectations .
.i was expecting to wait but surprisingly the place was half full it is definitely over priced and overrated .
I for one think that there are better options on the city .
The american indian friend of mine really had a hard tome communicating with the staff luckily i was there to help out with the ordering .
All in all we paid a bill of almost Rs 20 , 000 .
To say the truth we all felt a bit cheated after leaving the place ,
My main gripe with this place is that the seating is not very comfortable especially if you are not seated with your back towards the walls for support .
Also it can bit a noisy as the place fills up but it ' s overall bearable .
A bit too costly but after the meal you ' ll be happy to pay .
While the shimla mirch dish was good , the daal was no where close to the hype created about it .
Quite frankly , I had a better Daal at karnal haveli the same day .
Over hyped food .
And look after their customers rather than just making business
Better Dal is available in many places in Delhi .
Hey , when you charge the earth for your food , is it not your duty to give delicious food ?
I was resisting going to Bukhara - ITC Maurya for so many reasons .
Reason 1 : People say it is overrated .
Kung Pao Chicken is okay but avoid the konjee crispy lamb as it is always soft .
Not Recommended at all
The server could not help much on this aspect .
..The place is not as great as their food but still it is an average and quite decent place to have dinner with your friends and family .
It is not a fancy place and does not have a great ambiance , but who goes to alkauzer for its ambiance !
Indoor Sitting is small so its best either to take - away your food or have it outside .
You need to look for the entrance of this place .
These cookies are my favourite pick , i can have them packed and can warm it and eat them , but quite high on price for a 100 gm cookies you get around 5 - 6 pieces , cannot afford on every visit i pay here .
The Angels in their kitchen seem to be snoozing or on vacation for sometime !
Come on guys ; you can do a lot better .
..Yes it is a bit over priced .
The service sucked big time , till 15 mins no one was even bothered to take the order .
My expectations were much higher .
Felt like they were doing a favour serving food .
I went there on a busy Saturday evening when the waiters and managers are quite busy shuffling dishes from table to table .
One can give the staff ' s negligence a passe ' keeping in mind that the food arrives pretty fast and the taste is outstanding .
.. everythn u will find interesting.. der is only one which will hurt u is the less quantity and taxes dey charge .
There is nothing soothing about your ambience , just getting the lights dim and showing IPL matches on a non - HD TV doesnt work .
You are too overpriced considering the quantity you serve at this price .
And also rename the section of mocktails to refined REAL juice because thats how exactly two different mocktails ( Cosmo not and Shaken not stired ) tasted like .
- 1 for the food waiting time which was almost 15 minutes .
Food : this is where it began to disappoint as the flavours were only till outer skin and it seems like under marinated .
The side dishes and the salads do not provide the kind of joy that their chicken does .
The staff and service could be better in terms of ambient noise.
Bcoz i am a vegetarian so no for me .
Not of my personal taste .
Kfc is better if you wanna chicken .
Avoid visiting this place .
Rates are high .
..Service could have been little better .
Although when you are on the gate of it , the entrance is not that good .
You might just ignore it and walk away .
The hookah was a bit costly ( starts from 1000 bucks + taxes ) but rest was ok .
.not great .
I didnt liked this kfc much
What place was this ?
Claims to serve Bengali food .
But what a shame .
Let me highlight disasters pertaining to each of the dishes .
Aloo posto didn ' t have any posto ( poppy seeds paste ) .
It was some fried fish definitely not ilish in a very oily spicy mustard gravy served over banana leaf .
What a disaster .
Jhingri malai curry was also very very oily and spicy .
Please refrain even if this is the only option for food .
The over hyped place in village dese days .
But then upon entering also , we are asked to wait for another 5 min so that the people sitting before us can pay their bill .
Management needs to tackle the human resource problem .
Even on a weekday I got tacky service .
The place is not cozy or the way it should be for dining .
.i wish they had more of chicken starters on the food menu..Ambience - 4.5 / 5Service - 5 / 5Food - 3.5 / 5
With a so hyped name nothing great about it .
..As the restaurant was not full..it took the waiter almost 20 min before we called him and asked if possible plz take the order .
.and when i told I can ' t have Chinese dish it was replied its a conti dish with bell pepper and some spices..
He said I ' ll cancel your order but please don ' t tell anybody .
Though fine music was playing but I found the relatively less cheerful .
Those who are used to north Indian flavors in south Indian food might not be fully satisfied.
I visited this joint with a friend and found it preety gloomy inside .
The service took about 20 minutes and the food served was not even hot .
Service was bit laggy this time .
pannchavarna utthappam , which is recommended in zomato was not that good .
pannchavarna utthappam , which is recommended in zomato was not that good .
Service was bit laggy this time .
Went der at nyt around 9 bt had to wait till 10 for seats .
..was very much crowded...masala dosa was good even all chutneys...bt i would prefer sagar ratna over dis place .
Surprisingly , the entire restaurant was empty and we were the only ones at 9 : 30PM .
The emphasis on blue was so much that all the pictures clicked came in blue shade .
Pizza was off smelling , not stored properly or prepared in rancid oil .
Pasta was bland in taste and flavours yet with good quality to eat .
Wasn ' t comfortable to eat and again bland .
I suggest they shud concentrate on taste .
...don ' t go .
most irritating part of it is they dont take table booking and u need to stand in a long waiting queue .
Bit costly for foodies .
The problem though is that they don ' t have any arrangement to keep the cheese warm .
So , once its cold , it doesn ' t taste as good anymore .
Cost a bit on the higher side .
There should be more variety .
Prices are high .
The biryani can be avoided .
But way overpriced IMHO .
price increased...per bottle 40 rs .
Nothing really special apart from a regular bar .
The music was ok no particular genre as such and quite honestly i felt over dressed !
They have boiled eggs as an appetizer option !
The service was ok. and they seemed to run short of Thandi beer !
We just picked up a couple of drinks - Beer and planters punch and a very spicy chilli infested masala papad and were out .
...Did not find any girls in this place and tharkey type men looming around .
I have just one suggestion for owner to change his theme from bar to a lounge and train your staff to be more polite to customers
!Time doesn ' t matter as interior is dark and dim light .
i went there with my female friend and there were too many male and over aged people , No young crowd.food quality - okLiquor rates are reasonable .
Service - oki ' ll rate it 2.. .
But definitely not a place for a date coz its a restro - bar kind & amp ; crowdy too
About the crowd or gentry i cant say much coz when i went to this place it was almost empty .
The oily , sweaty , grimy experience cannot match upto any fine dining .
Probably I could have rated it better if it wasn ' t for lunch that I was looking for .
We ended up shelling close to 2k each for food that we enjoyed to some extent and a pint each and overprized sheesha .
We ordered sheesha as well but should have checked the price first.. Also happy hours on IMFL only wasn ' t a turn on either .
A waiter will always be checking on you and they will not let you sit idle for a long time .
The tricky thing is the cuisine .
If you are not used to the bland taste or rather , if you love spices , the food could be a turn down .
Food is nothing to write about .
Need to change on sound a lot , till then its not a place to go .
.service can be better .
Service needs improvement .
On entering we were given the menu about five minutes later that too on asking for it .
no taste in food .
I really hope they make the service quicker and outlets bigger !
Deserts are not as good as the food , but the macroons are simply sinful .
The biggest negatives for me were the service and the place was very noisy !
You walk out of this restaurant with a hole in your pocket but also with a feeling of contentment .
The one thing that I dislike of the place is the noise level although it ' s not really the fault of the place but they could space out the tables more so as to avoid you being able to hear what ' s going on next door .
...but the quantity is low .
We reached there without a reservation in a Saturday night .
Just pricey though .
Dont bother eating anything which claims to be made in tomatoes .
The price is a little on the higher side per dish so remember to go in a group .
Helpings arent big either .
We nearly waited for 10 mins between food as it is a buffet served on the table did not understand the concept .
It really pinched me the money I wasted in Urban Asia .
A bit overpriced menu .
Food however was nowhere near taste .
Seemed like was prepared hours ago , was warmed up and served .
Rating 5 / 10I am not planning to visit again .
Ambience is okay and starters and all are good but i should say about biryani ( mutton ) which is awful ( atleast for us ) .
1000 bucks for one starter and a hookah so watch out how much you order here .
Had high hopes of visiting this place during my visit to Hyderabad , Tried reservations , however , no prompt response , the number seems to be switched off at times and if it connects no one picks up .
This made me think twice before going in to this place on a Saturday night and had to back off .
But looks can be very deceptive like they say .
And it holds true in this case .
This is a mixed bag... We found space on the Terrace and , well , the heat and humidity cannot be blamed on vapour but if you have a terrace capacity , you ' d expect some more fans .
Something I ordered in shrimps was not as great - the shrimps were frozen shrimps and not fresh .
Nothing stands out and I wish they ' d speed up their service time up on the terrace... .
There were a good number of free tables , and to this day I wonder why he lied to us .
However the khari could have been crispier .
I think this one could have used a lil more flavor .
Somehow it lacked the authentic flavors like the other dishes .
...The ambience reminds of d bakeries of Mumbai ....The entrance can be improved a bit as it is just besides HRC and it gives a feeling of backend of it .
This place is quite famous..but i personally didn ' t like it at all .
.They even cant give recommendations .
the area whr dey keep food should b properly cleand !
The bartender is a totally confused guy..he gives a repeat of ' first love ' with campari and argues for it .
The garlic bread was not toasted properly and the wedges had to be sent back for a better fry .
Overall lacks on the basics .
Overpriced for the quality it serves .
I had ordered duck though it was a disappointment to my expectation and they were courteous enough to change my order at no extra cost .
And since then the menu has mostly been stagnant except just a few handful new dishes that have been grudgingly introduced by the chef .
Though the rates of thr dishes are exuberant some of them are worth giving it a shot .
I wish they lit up the restaurant a bit .
Overall it is slightly expensive but we had a fantastic time would love to go there again .
We had Daab Chingri & amp ; it was a far cry .
I tried the shorshe ilish and they made it with powder shorshe !
It is one of the few places where ( i thought ) one could get authentic bangla dishes , and still it doesn ' t do justice to this fact.
2 of the 3 dishes were really good but as only 1 not - so - well prepared dish was enough to spoil the lunch .
must mention the kasha mangsha served there is no where wat we bings make .
The delivery took a long time even though my place was very near to the restaurant .
Maybe all deliveries here are like this .
The only problem with the Tiniali joint was the space .
They couldn ' t serve a good dahi puri.
Definitely not tasty enough for a second visit .
What the heck....
A not so good Hookah + mosquitoes .
Place is so crampy .
I would have given this domino ' s a higher rating but my experiences here stopped me to do so .
They ' ll take your order in the same time as a normal domino ' s takes to process two orders .
They won ' t refill the seasoning containers on the table frequently , so you ' d have to jump from one table to other in search of seasoning .
The seating is very congested .
dominossss... i dont knw wht has happened with them they used to be famous for cheesy burst but even u burst the pizza u ' ll not find the cheese... dudes pls dont do that .
.. dont spoil ur name in peoples mind specially who r foodie like us .
Domino ' s Pizza upto a few years back was very inventive and their pizza ' s were loaded with stuff .
Domino ' s is no longer a good choice .
The service can be improved though .
Food was served on time , but the taste wasn ' t great...
Ordering wings is as good as ordering some bones .
While I was waiting I got my hopes up for nothing , they served burned kebabs , and you just had to ask the server for everything .
They did not change the place Matt and no forks , spoon were at the table .
Oh yes the buffet , I was baffled people kept putting different spoons different dishes cause no other spoons were provided .
One waiter just kept the food on the table and ran away , would go back again but with caution
Yes , the door is little so please do work out and go : D , and it ' s slight on the expensive side , so do have a drink or two before you pay the bill : ) .
An overhyped place .
The concept attracted me to the place but it did not sit well with the overall atmosphere .
Amongst all that was on offer didnt like the taste of the minstrow soup .
..could have been better .
....however one thing the authorities should look into is the non functioning escalator thats reqd to be rode to reach the restaurant.....a trouble for the aged....hope dat gets sorted quickly .
And too loud for a nice conversation ( and not that the music is particularly good ) .
Personal party @ the M - floor : being away from the main floor service was a challenge , air con sucks..
Only Problem is With Food .
Ordered Veg Sizzler , Completely Off The Beat .
That ' s what happened with me .
My hunger went off as I waited for the ordered food .
Finally after a great deal of determination and daunting table reservation system on weekends of this not so professionally managed Restaurant , we got ourself a table .
Busy in the evenings maybe due to its inviting Decor or central Location this place , even after sitting down feels under - staffed because of the lack of attention and personalized service you get plus the reception is always crowded with people wishing you to skip a course and evacuate the table .
Can do a lot better if they focus on Quality more than Quantity , Service and Customer feedback .
However , we didn ' t experience anything worth recommending or mentioning .
With all the competition around with the food outlets , a little more flavoring with the food would help .
Seemed like the flavours didn ' t set in the meat .
This was not accepted from a hotel of the class of Marriott .
...at too high a price !
I later lost my appetite when I came to know it is a veg restaurant .
Seating took time .
We were ushered into a room upstairs which was musty .
.Wish grill was innovative but tastes was not that good .
Slightly higher than other club rates ( alcohol ) , but that must be the premium for the view .
Tend to charge minimum billing for tables - beware .
I was very excited to go for the first time but I wasn ' t very impressed .
Flip side : the restaurant turn into a club on week ends , the two bar counter are always crowded so getting a drink is kind of tough .
hardly any options for vegetarians and whatever lil is available is absolutely of no use !
But some of the staff is not at all courteous .
They r trying to hype up the place by showing off their attitude .
So , I prefer Skyye !
Could do much better .
Then the Thai veg curry was another disaster .
We couldn ' t eat .
I think only cows could eat that .
It was prepared out of coconut oil .
I can ' t suggest the place to anyone .
.. May be u can try another spot for our special moments .
Will not recommend it to anyone .
I would just suggest that the price could be cut down a bit because i find that for a pure veg restaurant , it is a bit too pricey for my liking .
The music was loud .
I ordered there grilled sandwich which was not upto my expectations .
I didn ' t find food value for money .
May be because of that I couldn ' t relate it to rock music .
this place is very famous..though i guess a bit over rated .
.. i did not like the seatng arrangement much .
Was excited ( not anymore ) to be at this place EXOTICA .
I don ' t think it doesn ' t take 20 minutes of time for any person to get one glass of soft drink .
Please review your vegetarian menu .
overall ...hilsa festival nothing great.
Ambience is not that impressive..
Firstly , the staff didn ' t let me occupy empty sofa seats which were empty throughout my stay at the place .
I told the staff repeatedly for a shift to the sofa seats but they kept telling us that they were reserved .
The pizza crust tasted like fried roti .
It got too smoky.. We had 2 starters and cocktails and left... As this place anyways doesn ' t have much for main course.. .
food n drinks on d pricier side .
Over hyped..
Mr Awinash his senior was atleast courteous and explained that they have a concept of talking advance books of 70 % of the tables and 30 % is walk in - this was clearly not communicated to us when we had tried to do advance bookings a couple if days back - on the contrary we were told no advance bookings are accepted .
My suggestion to the management is - have proper communication - have courteous staff manning the entry and bookings
Used to be good .
He food is sub - par .
I had ordered pasta ( penne in red sauce ) and it was flat .
I think the chef earlier ran away .
For the price that these guys charge the food should do the talking and not misty the ambience .
Would not recommend the place .
Idiots
Over rated .
The lasagne is also fine but not too good to be given a try .
But I ' d be lying if I didn ' t say that there is an element of hype to the legend .
Was quite meaty , good bun , felt there should have been more mix of cheese mayo and mustard which comes injected inside the patty .
Had there been lill more wetness with sauces and lettuce it would have been a different level .
However , the place has only one restroom which makes it a long wait time .
Had to wait for a table for quite some time on a Saturday afternoon but it was worth the wait .
The only problem I had with this place is maximum things finish up fast and they do not have enough service people to clean up the place
The staff i feel they really should educate em and maybe hire a few more people .
Of course , the unimpressive lighting and the constant din add to the chaos .
The custom request was fulfilled with a liquid which looked and tasted like a cross between lime juice and chaas .
Apart from the name nothing is good .
Though Atmosphere 6 publicizes itself as a place to have world cuisine , the menu is anything but .
On top of that , the wait staff do not have sufficient knowledge about what goes into a dish .
We were also taken aback by the menu card itself .
Coming to the food itself , it is anything but out of the world .
Last but not the least , if you looking for a quiet place to spend a romantic evening with a loved one , give this place a skip .
Every single time I ' ve called them I haven ' t been able to make a reservation .
Guess you guys are struck off my ever wanting to come to you list .
And mind it , this place is only for good tasty food and not ambience , so .
But if you are going there with your family or with your girlfriend please avoid it .
The seating weren ' t that comfortable .
So , they are slightly more expensive than what this portal tells you .
I have one complain though - they do not take bookings for days in advance .
This has been my 4th attempt to reserve a table for 2 , and have not been successful .
If asked to speak to the manager of the restaurant , never been available .
Non veg would be a gem to the menu .
Overhyped !
The khaosuey lacked the coconut flavour and was a bit oily .
You should check " busaba " for how they make their khao suey .
.. 4 of us in d sitting area and we had 10 people to serve and just stand around .
This restaurant is not elderly - friendly ( way too many steps to climb ) .
So , if you are thinking of a family lunch or dinner , you ' d better consider one of the other restaurants .
But then again , if it was a Pizza that I wanted , there sure are better places to go to than this one .
There were flies everywhere .
It took our complaining to get the waiters to run around the room with that electric fly swatter while we sat there covering the food .
But Foods Makes U Dissappoint !
Good Music , Bad Service , Not so great Food .
Firstly the music in the area where we were seated was too damn loud and considering there weren ' t any other guests we asked them to turn it down a tad .
Had to ask thrice for just this .
Next , the food came in batches and we were made to wait a long time before the next order arrived .
Better go to mainland china or barbeque nation in 26 sector .
They could have so much more crowd and people if they just time down the volume .
But what is up with the loud music... And it ' s not that Beatles or ACDC .
.. though beer is only kingfisher on tap.
hopefuly dis was our last visit to dis place .
Along with the feel , and the toys , the prices too are fancy .
Lotzz of Crowd In Weekend , Prices Too High .
I want my money back .
This day will haunt me forever .
The salad bar is costlier and the ambiance is likewise .
Now this place has lost its charm .
Do not go here !
A day later we were all puking !
Its a huge place and we sat outside as I thought music was too loud .
Very loud music...can barely hear your partner .
Indoor restaurant roof looks out of place and probably under maintenance .
..with too many service charges and taxes
Somehow I couldnt overpass the baked assorted vegetables .
Parking can be an issue # MG Road blues.
# reservation in advance is kind of mandatory for the balcony table .
There is no wide spread for lunch buffet .
I feel its lil over priced for the spread they have .
Except for a fact that we need to make plans in advance if we prefer to sit out in the open area !
Didn ' t expect this .
They have a number of exquisite dishes on their menu but both the dishes we ordered were quite bland .
They should just stand within earshot of diners and let them enjoy their privacy .
Time and again they would come to our table and ask us about food .
I don ' t recommend going to Park Prime .
Yes , when it was Park Plaza the service was good but now I don ' t recommend .
kindly work on your menuWell i have been going to all such places and one common thing I came across is that the service staff is too lazy I don ' t know the reason but until the place becomes crowded they move like ZOMBIES .
Though the service staff needs to be more attentive and customer focused .
Place should only be visited for the food and not for the service .
Do not visit during monsoon as there are a lot of insects during that time and the food doesn ' t seem very hygienic .
Only drawback is for those seating near the open kitchen as heat may disturb you .
But yes it was not upto the mark as expected at this kind of property .
So , in all I did not find the quality in accordance to the prices
Starters not that good .
There ' s a really nice vibe about the place , but it is disappointingly loud for a dinner place .
The roasted beets salad seemed to have boiled beets instead of roasted beets .
The lamb burger was moist but surprisingly was served without any condiments on it .
Overcooked steak smothered with way too much BBQ sauce .
Only problem being it was a huge portion , the 3 of us barely got through half .
Heavy on pocket : ) .
....... overhyped
No walk in guests are entertained .
Are you kidding me ?
It ' s just a gimmick to create hype .
It ' s just a gimmick to create hype .
And the high price to some extent .
I completely feel this place works on 2 things hype & amp ; PR .
Over hyped !
Luckily got a table , whilst others crib about their reservation policies .
Was willing to there to experience their food , on second thoughts , based on my experience on phone , i wouldnt even recommend the restaurant to anyone .
Coz i am a Hotelier myself and this is not the way guests should be handled , especially on phone .
Table booking in advance is highly recommended .
A bit high in price compared to the others but really great .
I didn ' t see the hype that reinforces Loyans .
Favorite of the fans of Butter chicken and kadhai chicken , either I don ' t like this kind of food , or this restaurant is way overhyped .
I would rather hop over to CP to grab something better ( atleast a better view ) .
To begin with , we weren ' t offered a menu for good 20 mins till I finally asked for it .
Also , personally I felt that the food was high in salt content .
Considering that it ' s a well settled chain , all such key aspects must be looked into .
The downside of this restaurant is that there is too much waiting time , but I find it all worth after finishing the meal..
This is one of the rare restaurants , where thr is waiting even on weekdays , that ' s what happened with us as well .
We finally got our table 30 min later .
The restaurant has done nothing to their decor to absorb the noise .
Come to this place if you absolutely sure you dont want Indian food
Though I was really excited to be here since the place really looked uber cool , and mind it really is very cool , the staff was a lil bit of a disappointing .
They didn ' t handle the food very well causing a lot of spillage on the table .
The environment was awesome , the food was not very awe inspiring or taste bud tingling .
Was looking to get more out of the experience .
Pretty small I will say .
It is right next to the station , so isn ' t really well placed .
...The Service here is the biggest weakness they have .
They did not give us time to enjoy our dinner .
Cream and water layers were different and bread crumbles were old and uneven .
cauliflower ) which did not go well with the sali mutton .
Except Berry Pulao nothing is good .
They can ' t even track an order , forget about delivery time .
The delivery boy was not keen to return the change and we had to ask for it .
I would like to suggest that people should prefer to go for Night Owl instead of Batman .
They took over 3 hours to deliver the food as the driver was " new and doesn ' t know the ways at all " .
Infact I found maal gaadi as a better option - bit more tastier and definitely reasonable priced
Indian vegetarian food is very oily and tastes just average .
After a couple of times i just decided to go hungry .
I don ' t think owners of this restaurant are concerned with food quality that much .
Taste wise it needs improvement .
Price is tad expensive keeping in mind you are having banana shake and maggi but ya almost justified with such a service at 2 am .
But heart wont b satisfied .. For me never ..
They can improve their quality ..
The prices are higher that what is displayed here .
The prices are higher that what is displayed here .
The only problem this place has is lack of proper arrangements for people to have their food .
I do not like their seekh kebabs as they are always deep fried here and not done on charcoals .
The sitting area can be a bit off .
Though the services were slow then compared to other Pizza Houses , but it ' s worth a wait !
The only disappointments are the garlic breads and service .
The staff has changed and so has the quality of food .
The staff looks lost .
We wanted some brocolli added to the pasta and when asked , the waiter didn ' t even know what brocolli is .
However , this never happened during my innumerable visits to BYD before .
.only time i felt the service wasnt good was when i filled the survey form n after that waited for the billing guy to punch my bill .
Being a veggie cant really talk about the more famous chicken dishes , but for all veggies out there , achari paneer and cheese naan is what you just cant avoid .
I booked place on phone but still it took 30 mins to get .
Every order took 45 mins .
Getting up to the restaurant is a task though .
They should definitely do something about it .
But as it turned out , the place is not that exciting afterall .
The food here is not that great .
I suggest you eat somewhere out and then go here .
They need more food options .
Idk why they have so much of attitude .
However if you are going to eat then it is not at recommended .
so probably one can conclude it ' s not a day place .
as regards the food , it ' s very ok.we called for a martini which was not what the menu stated.
there was evidence of basil at all .
again I guess it ' s just a place to party and for drinks , where obviously food quality wouldn ' t matter .
Should have had some more options in the food menu .
Cocktails could have been better .
Only two deserts were on the menu .
The bill doesn ' t come with the discounted amount , you have to explicitly ask for it .
I would suggest to visit this place for some beautiful occasions as the place is highly expensive .
Rude lounge was much much better .
over priced since its a 5 - star - like ambience , but a sure shot feel - good feeling .
I didn ' t find the food that appealing .
Many food items lack taste .
Also lack of variety in the menu .
Wouldn ' t suggest it to anyone .
( Good point ) Tip : If coffee improves a lil bit , it would be quite better .
The bruschetta , honey chilli potatoes and crisy fried corns were could .
Carrebian curry and pasta could be avoided .
Downside ; Hot beverages not as good .
Food taste must be improved.
And iced Tea was too strong and sweet .
.Every cuisine that the restaurant claims to have is not done any justice to .
After having visited the restaurant at least 7 - 8 times ( coz friends dragged me ) and after having tried so many different dishes I can say with confidence that the food overall is simply not impressive by any standard !
Add to that the super tiny food portions that will leave you feeling hungry even after having paid a hefty price that would get you and a buddy a dinner and maybe a drink at most comparable grade restaurants !
Improvement required on the service part as it is a bit sluggish .
dnt Ever visit replay....a disc without a DJ..is like a band Wala repeating same songs..and playing full songs ....and if you are visiting for having dinner..then it is good .
...and my car was about to .
Location is kinda crappy .
Could be a lot more attentive .
Service : Not that great .
They have their own parking area but parking might be a problem in rush hour .
Think about it , as these are the same people who would some day come to you in large groups but not when they are treated like this .
they dont have much variety in Indian recipes .
The seating is not much comfortable ; may be because of it is a food joint visited by a large of number of peoples .
6 people and has table tops for people who wanna enjoy a drink or two and just have fun .
So infrastructure isn ' t upto the mark and we had to talk a while to get our place sorted out .
food quantity is low ....
ok types not very good.
the only thing i did not like about the place was the live music .
the music was too loud and i could not even talk to my friends peacefully .
a bit expensive for the quantity they provide but it's good
though i was a little unhappy with the quantity rest everything about it was good .
grossly over priced .
the place is over priced and i was not at all happy with the quantity they provided .
also the taste wasn't up to my expectations .
i feel they are very fond of black pepper as each dish has a blend of black pepper & amp ; teriyaki chicken was blended with full of tomato sauce which made the dish very sweet ....
the food still has a lot of scope for improvement to match up the decor .
hence i suggest you call up and place an order as you are on your way to the restaurant .
wish they had more outlets in Mumbai !
couldn't even eat 3 pieces and felt like i was gonna puke .
for this price , there are so many other better restaurants than this restaurant in bangalore .
i feel that it doesn't worth your money at all .
we left the full dish untouched .
pricing is a bit steep ,
if you are going there on weekends may the luck be with you .
we waited more than half an hour to get a table for 3 .
music was too loud .
waiting time is a turn off
but always crouded .
but the waiting is what will kill u
thought u have to wait for 1 hour to eat in it , i also did it .....
i think its overrated .
food is Dhaba types and nothing is amazing .
go if you want to have Dhaba food
overhyped ..
in terms of quantity they serve pretty less .
food is ok , service cud b bettr n d music cud definitely b much bettr
all in all , nt a hearty meal ...
we had a 15 minute waiting time
the spread was nothing to talk about
but not all drinks are available .
these people forget that they need to serve or have a table to attend to .
but because the pricing is a quite steep have rated it a 4.5
but the menu lacks consistency .
but stay away from the the refreshmint !
nthng much available for vegetarians ...
the music is too loud
with our plates and water glasses there was no room to put the dishes we ordered .
we got no response when we requested to join the adjacent table .
but pulav was yet to come .
of reminder finally 30 minutes later we received pulav .
low on ambience ..
but i wish the tables were cleaner .
alimentos , the place has a very delusioned feel to it.
personally i feel if the interiors could be re done so that the eyes could be at ease.
but the host who took my order hadn't studied the menu well , there were some items on the menu that i discussed with him about which he had no clue.
but when your order comes there's no enough space on table to put order at table of four .
but the service needs improvements
totally crowded place and not even clean at all .
the taste of food could have been better if they would have kept same mumbaiya taste
also , reservations are highly recommended .
but , overpriced and it isn't the best food in town .
if i wanted to just unwind , hear the wind and the chimes ring while i read my book , i'd probably head here to blow my monthly budget for some just - about - alright food .
good for nothing place ..
unnecassary hyped ..
never to be meant fr inside sitting,
i hope the concerned authorities do make a note of this .
ruined my birthday dinner !
but the food does disappoint a bit .
but could definitely improve .
don't think it's the place to be for vegetarians .
desserts were a big no , hated the pastry items , only chocolate brownie was good .
please improve the standard .
more varieties in starters required for veg .
but the main course is not up to the markthere is a huge varirty of dessert
but it lacks quality moreover the menu is always d same
service is also very good except there is always crowded .
tea - Strong and has a bland flavour .
cyber hub definitely has better joints .
wouldn't want to back unless it's someone else's treat .
having studied in pune i have eaten bun maska keema pav and parsi food at places like good luck cafe , Zamus etc and frankly the food here was no where near there level.
the food was not so good as suggested by reviews in zomoto .
i didnt like the place at all .
mostly crowded ..
quite expensive drinks , if you don't visit during happy hours ..
servers need to be more polite ..
but it turned out to be a disaster in terms of ambience as the music was too loud and place too dark and shady for an outdoor sitting and rather fitting for some nightclub .
but that was also very unsatisfactory .
the place is very unreasonably high priced compared to the other really great restro - pubsin that vicinity .
and well , hugely overpriced .
firstly they have very little on menu .
don't have many options .
all in all i wont visit again .
extremely busy place .
if you don't like too crowded places this is not a place for you ....
the seats cannot be reserved & amp ; are on First come first served basis .
i didnt like the place at all .
they keep forgetting the order and no body smiles .
i would recommend Havemore Restaurant next door .
better food , better service and people smiling all around .
but make sure you have a prior reservation because if you are arriving after 8 in the evening you might infact you have to wait for atleast n hour to make youself comfortable and njoy your meal
but too my surprise the place was full and as usual long que for parking .
after my meal at gulatis ( butter chicken , kadhai chicken , shahi paneer , garlic naan , etc ) all i could think about was , damn they must have a really awesome P. r team cause the food was hardly upto the mark whereas people on zomato are loosing their shit over how gulatis is the best .
as with all other joints in this location - no alcohol is served - you got to get a high from the awesome food quality .
the main course was a bit letdown ..
but overpriced for what it really is .
the fact that it is a non air conditionedand has no music is a bit of a turn off for me .
it has the nothing special to offer in expect the face of its historic significance .
though - sometimes the servers dont understand the order properly ..
they need proper training ..
good place to eat , provided you have a lot of time to wait outside restaurant in weakends .
this place is mostly crowded and you might have waiting as well ..
howevrr , the one thing that disappoints me about gulatis buffet is that they dont serve any starters .
please change your playlist .
everyone is so dying to grab a bite at gulati's that you have to be in a queue to be their guest of the evening , on weekends .
after waiting for around 20mins ...
it was on a weekday that we visited them and i was surprised to see the crowd .
we had made a prior reservation as my friend had recommended or else there's a lot of waiting and you barely have the will or wish to wait in a queue when you are hungry and the only thing you want in the entire world is to get a nice comfy corner with your companion and indulge in comfort food .
there's no doubt they are so famous and pull in so much crowd despite the prices being on the higher side .
the only problem u might have is getting the seats on weekends as it gets really crowded .
making u wait for 30 mins or more .
you'll always find waiting on weekends ....
worth the long wait for a table
:2 / 5Quantity
:please dont eat sweet dish in gulati coz u'll be missing out the best kulfi of krishna kulfiwala which is just outside the gulati restaurant .
the only thing that will make u irritate is the long waiting list ....
but food didnt impress us ...
being foodie dont think will be visiting this place again unless i hear or read positive feedback of the place ..
for the food i found it a lil overpriced ..
a little high on prices
ambience - 2.5 ( they haven't changed much -
crowded and over priced ..
the service has not exceptional and the menu is pretty standard for a Punjabi / Mughlai restaurant .
we waited for another 20 minutes for the staff to take the order ....
though , are a bit on the higher side !
u got to pull up those guys to make them get cracking
i didnt quite enjoy the place .
but the ambience is dying .
you better book your table if you are heading to this place on weekends , The first time i visited this place had to wait for a long time to get a table close to the glass wall .
you have to dress up yourself warm because of the altitude and cold in the outdoor .
but the quantity we got was a little bit on lesser side You get many choices of cocktails and drinks here , Yet We preferred scotch on rocks .
high on expectations , low on delivery sums up my experience in High Ultra Lounge .
her objective was for us to buy bottles and not glasses of any drinks that we enquired about .
but to no avail .
i gently reminded him that this is a fine dining facility , not a discotheque .
doubt if it registered .
but have decided against it as the loud music is a big put off .
go well covered , woolens if you can .
cause its freezing up there .
you are sure to catch a chill2 ..
the funny part was , we ordered for momos / dumplings and we got exactly 4 ; ) So , this is what we orderedthe Chicken Satay ( Not bad not great .
we didn't even find the Wasabi taste in it , so asked the waiter for wasabi paste which served the purpose .
dahi papdi and gol gappa ( looks like most restaurants find this cheap or Indians like this 
coming to the main course , nothing new to look for , same panir sabiz's and few other veg .
may be for a la crate not for Buffet
always crowded ...
:5 / 5Sit back home and order .
however , the food and service could be improved .
pricy for the quality and size of portions they serve .
the salads weren't tasteful and my Singapore noodles was soggy without a body .
there are better places if you are looking for pan Asian food .
do not venture to walk in .
don't think twice about wanting to check this place out , just make sure you make a reservation because it gets pretty full up in the evenings .
prices r a lil high ....
good that we had already booked our table coz the restaurnt was packed.food - as soon as we settled hot grill was kept in front of us and the starters started getting assembled .
there were around 11 starters including both veg and non veg. we liked almost all of it. almost because the chicken we were very rubbrey , it spoiled the whole flavor of the starter .
the oly disadvantage is the crowd here .....
the minimum time u need to wait for a burger is atleast 30 minutes and it may extend ......
the prices are a bit on the expensive side and it will be best if you visit on lunches at weekdays .
should have more variety for main course in vegetarian section .
service also needs to be improved .
though they were packed both times .
i am yet to have a good desert in both my visits there .
the truffle oil mushrooms has garlic beyond acceptable limits i felt .
the prices are on the higher side and the overall experience is about average .
but i wont go especially just looking for its food .
it is nothing charming , nothing exciting , nothing that will pull me back to try it again .
the garlic bread is not at all tasty .
i odered California veggie which is a pizza and it was burnt .
but it is gonna cost you a bit ...
some items may be over - priced
but can get crowded and noisy .
only issue is that staff saying " mojeetos " when it should be " moheetos " .
kfc is nothing
but as its said With time everything changes , this is what has happened to kfc .
case in point i like the joint not the place , i would have loved to see a big spacious place like in Paltan they have .
i am not too fond of domino's pizzas .
i wish it could be a little more fine dining
a bit on the pricey side .
the food they finally dished out was certainly nothing compared to what we've eaten here .
not at all worth the money and the time .
a mixed bag.while some items r extremely gud , oders suck big tym.dimsums r absolutely delicious.bt pan fried noodles is sumthng dat 1 shud totally give a miss
but was as good as a normal low - cost Chinese restaurant .
but after i ate such chopsuey in Kolkata at a cheaper rate , the image of this chopsuey came to my mind and i had to question the value for cost of this item .
the ambience was good , and was as expected from a higher - than - average class of restaurant .
waiters were kind - of - friendly , except that they increased our confusion about the menu for quite some time , around 15 - 20 minutes .
though i'll greatly question the value for money .
but perhaps not the single best .
would refer Chung - fa more , as for me , " value for money " is the point that matters the most .
food
the food took almost one hour to come to the tables .
finally , after an hour , i tasted the burrito .
but it was way too powdery .
but it seems to fit perfectly ) of the spices .
all i could taste was the gelatin as i had to literally break it in my mouth whereas it should have just melted in my mouth .
the creaminess was barely there .
i wouldn't try the burrito again
but definitely not 3.9 rating .
it took them 45 mins to serve tomato soup .
something which i don't like here is the service which i get here .
you will be Ignored if you ask for extra sauce or Raitha or even water .
the dish was very oily and had two pieces of bones with very little meat on it .
i ended up eating the Naan with the oily masala hich gave me a heart burn and and upset stomach .
for the price i paid , it was a rip - off !
i had to be in queue for around 45 min to have lunch here ..
nothing else to order in vegetarian
but still service needs to be improved as you have to get a hang of the servers .
but avoid if you're out on a romantic date as it gets pretty crowded .
there is usually a waiting , it's best to get ur name on this list asap .
the waiting time is around 45 mins every time you go there .
best part u can reach her at 1 am n still get a table , bt after waiting in d que ..
though they could make do with better service and ambiance .
one of the best pizzas i have ever hadbut let me start with the negatives first ; - ) i went with a friend and had to wait for 40 minutes before we got tired and left for dominoes !
of course they should really do something about the space issues .
even deliveries take an hour .
i wish they could improve services ( the counter will alone make you wait for 20 minutes before you can order as the guys are just stuck to the phones taking orders ) Try medium spicy pizzas .
though i found it over prised .....
i didn't like pineapple cream as it was not that soft .....
i had few pastries and none of them tasted good .
this place is costly
i was mighty upset with the home delivered grilled tuna sandwich yesterday .
ambience is goodfood in starters category finebut the platters may have undercooked vegetablesand also the mojito wasn't goodnot for people who eat normal Indian dishes .
chipped ceramic bowls ....
bad welcome drink ...
do not understand why public so gaga .
as the place is never empty your order will take time to reach your table and trust me it is worth waiting because when it comes to pizza's they are beyond words .
im surprised tht this place has a 4.3 rating ...
or maybe i jus have had super awesome pizzas at other places ...
coz all i could find in their pizzas was oil !
no taste at all ..
however im not a very big fan of the tarts .
but the quality of language communication was slightly not upto the mark .
the service we recieved both the times had been a bit different ..
contrasting to be precise .
but then when we were waiting for someone to take our order , and then the order to be delivered , it took like forever before the wait came to an end .
overrated should i say .
the interior is ok filled with their own advertising .
but i somehow feel that the singles aren't enough to fill the stomach .
you can always find the place full .
however continuing with the theme of the mocktails , these were very synthetic tasting too .
what i do know is that while i quite enjoyed their starters , tomato soup and pizzas , i'm never ordering a mocktail or dessert here , ever again.kimeatsnblogs.blogspot.comhttp
they serve a dessert called the ebony ivory , i guess they serve it better in cafe coffee daythe waiters were friendly .
they will serve biryani in a paper plate .
this is not a hotel as one might expect .
but space for dine in is congested and a long queue would be found on ocassions such as new year or christmas .
firstly i must say it's not a sit and dine place .
1 st of all biriyani is not too good to taste ..
2nd of Sitting option is not proper .
one for parcels and another for seats !
it is more like a road side dhaba ( the original ones on the highways and not the fashionable restaurants which have 'dhaba' in their names
but actually are 2 - star or 3 - star in their appearance ) .
if you are looking for , and habituated to , beautiful decors or gentle ambiances , this is definitely not your cup of tea ( or may be 'plate of biriyani ' ) .
one might have to wait for a while to get a seat , have to share tables with strangers and might even have to have biriyani on paper plates ( such is the craze ) ...
biriyani doesn't taste like biriyani .
i can't understand why people are rating it even 2 .
rice used to make biriyani is of low quality .
fully faltu. just avoid
you will find the place is not so hi - fi ..
no such environment ..
dont go by the look of the place as it offfers you one of the best biriyanis of kolkata .
you ll always find this place crowded ...
the dine in ambiance in not very good so you better take it as parcel and enjoy with your family and friends at your desirable place .
it Might Be a Small Place And Unhygenic , Well Talking About Hygine i Must Mention Those Certain Times When We Say " let's Have Fuchka !
this is not a typical place for sit down meal .
only suggestion due to paucity of space better enjoy with family at own place ...
just step out of the local railway station and the first shop you see with a huge line in front of it is !
a very small and cosy hotel with no ac and frankly , hot inside ,
but the major problem is u have to wait in queue and wait for a long tome before they serve you .
accomodation is the major drawback of this joint .
its quite an off - route place as well .
it was not that much tasty ...
but you gotta stand in a line for a Biriyani take away .
also , they serve in paper plates where they just pile up the biryani which gives one a chance to decide which side to start from
: / Overall , i just hurried up tasting the food cause it was almost unbearable sitting there in an eatery which looked utmost gloomy & amp ; unhygienic .
the hotel is a modest place with a 6 or 7 old indian dhaba styled tables , and by the looks of it isn't very classy or hygienic place .
but still place is very appealing cost wise the food and drinks are very costly
